[Music]
[Applause]
what I thought I was to love is no longer
It used to be that kisses were given in
any corner
I who thought I was to love was only a
I play but I look at you and I'm dying for
have you
next to me
I will not invest my life nor
excite you and me
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
and I ask every day that my Lia will be with you until the
last kiss that bids farewell to this life and I ask
every day I can always love you
waiting for the moment to have you I
late
[Music]
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
You want me to stay, I'll stay with you.
[Music]
what things matter to me and when
I smile, turn around and I'm
with you
I will invest my life, my illusion, art
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
[Music]
I ask you every day that
until the last kiss that breathes this
life and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
I get it before
[Music]
I will dress my life nor
excite you and me
[Music]
I will give up the time that was lost
and I ask every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
way and I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't promise to bring you breakfast every sea
tomorrow
I promise that my life begins where you do.
you finish
I don't want false expectations or to live
within a lie, what is yours and mine is
true despite what he says
I will remember that walk through that silver
that with shame we could not
look
the moment arrived and I took your hand while
we continued walking for the two of us
fell silent in The Big City
City City City City
Why do I want to see the star shine in
the sky
the most beautiful in the firmament
I don't know if you will understand me, because you
tale
you have to feel your heart
smile inside
[Music]
[Applause]
I will tell you that I asked myself that every day before
wake up that if I argue it is for
To know you better there is no Fog that can
darken this love
[Music]
and I don't know what we will go through at times that
we do not imagine
that the pain will be so strong that
we will think about leaving but this
our feelings will put the check on them
wounds we cause to the soul
breathe me please
because this life is slipping away from us
what do I want
more than I want to lie the star in the
darling
By my side I have the most beautiful of the
firmament
I don't know if you will understand me and that you
tale
you have to feel your heart smiling
Inside I want to see you I want to send
By my side I have Let me sleep for a few moments
sweets and you will understand me Hey to you
story must be felt by the heart as
smile inside
[Music]
[Applause]
I who thought I was loving no longer
It used to be that kisses were given in
any corner
I who thought I was to love was only a
I play but I look at you and I'm dying for
have you
next to me
I will not invest my life nor
excite you and me
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
and I pray every day that you walk
The last kiss that bids farewell to this life and
I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
in front of
[Music]
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
You want me to stay, I'll stay with you.
[Music]
what things matter to me and when
I smile, turn around and I'm
with you
I will invest my life nor
get excited
[Music]
I will not play the game for as long as it is
lost
[Music]
and I ask every day that my Lia will be with you until the
last kiss that bids farewell to this life
I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
in front of
[Music]
my life nor
excite you and me
I will make up for the time that was lost
[Music]
and I ask every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss That decides this path
and I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
in front of
Well
Well family, how are you? I hope
you are having a spectacular Sunday
I have been researching for several hours
Deeply Ok I have investigated
deeply into the subject
and indisputably
I want you to give me your opinion
When this live is over, it's worth it.
to be a short, short direct
I was going to record it for the main channel
but I say Well I record it live
I record live, okay, I want you to give me
your opinion When you finish watching
what you are going to see
but I undoubtedly
I have no doubt that this is false
that this has been false but false at the
level mounted or false at the level
Ready, okay, I'll show you everything.
everything everything everything everything
and I want you to tell me if
you think the same thing is worth it
Jaime Mira's brother's new story
We see it from Auron, okay?
we see it we see it we see it later okay
We'll see it later, send it to me at the place and
We'll see it, okay, let's see, family, how are you?
I hope you are having a great day
spectacular today I bring you many
I have a lot of data, a lot of data
hours of collecting and I have to spoil you
before showing you everything I'm going to show you
show sincerely for me for me A
The best thing is that you think differently
When you see all this but to look
how I have
Look how I have the PC Look at all the
tabs that I have open down here
to show you all that everything is worth it
that I carry
researching throughout the entire
afternoon all afternoon and part of the morning
in bits and pieces, as I have been able to
I'm going to try to make sure there isn't any left
no room for doubt and also
surely this information will be useful
information will surely serve to
you on your own
you compare and find more things and more
lies because a lot of misinformation has
It was also thanks to all of Twitter that
It's all over Twitter that looks like that
FBI I also tell you one thing auron It has
pronounced a couple of hours ago in his
records saying that it's good that it's over
better that he is preparing to return
as if he wants calm waters, okay?
We'll talk about it later. First, I'm going to
Record this video for the channel
major
and then we will discuss it but
Auron seems to want things
calm that does not want to give many
back to the subject and I get the feeling that
that this also means that
final has picked up cable regarding
that was going to come back crazier than ever
the auronplays Channel and others are worth it. But
Well, we'll see, we'll see.
Let's see how much I want to see
that he has, we will see how much he wants
You have to come back strong or not come back at all.
strong or come back as if nothing had happened and get to work
play games Natalia Thank you very much
Or if someone hits him with a stick, he'll do it.
we'll see, we'll see, okay, sold out
smoke sold of smoke a little if it backs down
smoke sold But well we talked about it
when we finish This is worth it I'll go first
to explain to you step by step all the
evidence that I have found and all the
things that are false and when there are things
fake Well here there are montages
honestly I mean you can take and
you make a funa at the moment that in that
There is fun even if it is just one false thing
the name of the Avatar does not matter what
other than being real there is one false thing that
It means that they have set it up for
make the zone you understand the point O
be you can say Well yes but look
but yours is real But the
conversation no no no no at the moment
that there is something false, whether it is the name
the Avatar whatever at the moment that
there is something that is counterfeit and
edited That means that the cover
It has been prepared, okay. We can do it later.
think and speculate about sure that it
have made friends the enemies
cousins The Brothers can then
Think what you want is worth only I
here today at least in this live broadcast
in this live
I tell you that the cover has been fake
Falsima vale is probably too early
today there won't be many people around here later
At night I will do normal live
surely in teles to the seo and then in
the puny one because I think there are several
topics that need to be discussed tonight
also very powerful they are also me
saying that Ricky Eddy has tried the
topic and has given blows for everything then for
At night there will be normal live broadcasts but
wanna
I want to do this live first
making these points clear and then
From now on, we'll see if
someone suddenly does something new
something new Well maybe we have to
comment on it and pick up the cable with
Dallas would be a disappointment
He has stayed with him, greetings from Uruguay
Let's go up, we old people
Of 40 if she has stayed with him I doubt it
the debate is cancelled or it has been
Having stayed with him, the debate will surely be
now does what may be that there is a
cable collection is what he said
that he was going to return as auronplay that he was going to
to return giving it to everyone on the back
a few okay But maybe we
We are rushing and we don't know it anymore
We'll see, okay, Emmanuel. Thank you very much.
Well I haven't put the members link.
because this live is going to be more
quick but if there is a moderator by
there I can put the pinned comment
the link to become a member and that is
Become a member who wants to, it is appreciated.
thanks okay
in parts by parts
piecemeal
I want to start by remembering a little about the
second thread because the first was the
that they erased and so on, okay, let's go too
to see things about the first one in fact the
second thread is a little compilation of the
first but well it was a second thread
where she said that in 2013 when
I was 14 years old and Auron was 24
Auron sent him fotonepes and that he
he said sexual things okay in the first
thread in the first thread she said that
She was the one who spoke to Auron and that
She followed his lead, okay, Auro in
flirted with her that she started to
speak That Auro told him I don't know what that
She went along with it anyway
Basically I think that with everything that
Uncle Sur and I tried yesterday
I don't know if the editor will be with you.
putting some things here or something
like that when I'm editing you
Okay, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to do it again.
touch now but basically I know that
demonstrated the type of personality that
I had a crazy finger, okay, thanks to
all of you who are doing it
members and others okay forgive me for not
I think the fan girl is so much like that that she even
I used to cut with a cutter
taking the names of monks and
names of youtubers to call the
attention and that I had Well here you
mentions At that time I had two
arrobas the first was this and the second
was this good no In fact it has been
discovered that he had hundreds
accounts the people of Twitter have
searched and found matches
with hundreds of accounts that by the way
then we will see things about their
accounts that are quite quite powerful
No, and well, basically she published
This screenshot from 30th
November this other one from November 30th
and
a couple of tests that according to her
I would try this screenshot
with this one where the Avatar is and with this one
of the messages Not apart from the
messages that
that she
Not only was he 14 years old, but
Auron knew it because he put it in his Bio
Okay, yesterday what I was telling you is
that auron even if it were true that it
if you had it in your Bio you can
talking to a person and not reading
the Bio I'm not reading The Bio of everything
the people I talk to but oh well
The thing here is that it's false, okay or
It turns out that this capture of
screen that you see here she cuts it to
purpose because it is a capture of
screen
in which I was actually chatting
with wismichu it's worth it
wismichu someone asks wismichu
why that girl has the honor of
that Wismichu's chair and he answers
fototestas ok. Then the context and
He They say it's a joke Well me there
I'm not going to get involved, okay? I have my
own thought of course but the
thing is that the girl
crop only this capture so as not to
Involving Wismichu is worthless.
This capture is from May 31, 2013 and
It turns out that it is more than proven
Forgive me but I have a mess of eyelashes
tremendous, it is not proven
that she actually had the profile she had
at that time it was this that in fact
Look what the manipulation is This is
the manipulation that she in this profile
I had a photo of Rubius on
Avatar and in the conversations that she
has published it looks like he has the Pikachu
Okay, and the total the @ sign I had was
this and the lip did not put anything of its
your age Ok one thing here that calls my attention
attention and that I want to return to it
highlight
I want to emphasize it again
just like I just told you that in the
moment there is a false thing already
It means that it was false
I tell you another important thing
This tweet from supposedly his sister
in which he says he blocks me from my own
sister is a tweet from December 1st
of 2013 in which it is shown that this
girl had this profile at that time
then in which he did not put his age this
the girl's tweet is deleted by the alleged
Sister, delete this tweet then.
the moment they are catching you this
and you delete it you are proving that
Here's something you don't want to miss.
caught
In fact, thank goodness the tweet
we certify because
has deleted it
Today is the day
Hi Javi, how are you? Did you see what he posted?
auron on the auroners' disc Yes yes
We'll see it when we're done, thanks.
Okay, apart from that, the girl
It has been discovered that in several
has lied about her age on several occasions
It was another date that she had set in
your profile is worth it and apart from that, well
we have discovered how good in this
conversation for example she recognizes
who never wishes on the internet his age
true to maintain your privacy
comments of this type were all over the place
their networks and with all the youtubers and
with whom I chatted and tweeted
publicly comments are always like this
with a dirty tint it's worth it
and apart from that, the girl what you
I'm saying every week I had one
different age the same one week you
He said in some tweets that he was 20 in
another week I told you I was 17 another
week had
19 anyway he was lying about his age
so here we have already caught
several lies and apart from catching him
several lies is that when they have been
caught people around him have
eliminated is worth for example the sister
Sister Erase the you and when you
They caught that tweet from 2013 with the profile
that what I tell you is not worth anything apart
Here you have the cropped capture that
This personally appeals to me a lot
the attention that cuts a capture for
not harming wismichu calls me the
attention damn for the video capture
From Dallas Hey look what came out this
Screenshot from the video of Dallas No is no longer there
You don't even have to throw [ __ ] at
wismichu or anything is worth it anyway La Movida
This is dismantled, this that has
dismantled and now I will explain this to you
then they have also caught a
a couple of rather curious little things that don't
can be forgotten and it is another
part of the fake girls went up a
video
in the first account in which he
they suspend vale
the girl uploads this video where good
is typing
refresh the page not as if this
prove that the emails sent by
Twitter is not fake they are
completely real, okay, here we see it
getting into messages changing from
tab by tab and so on
Well, a couple of them have been discovered
little things about it
First of all, I don't know if you'll achieve it.
Let's see here I'm going to try to make a
a little
I'm going to try to zoom in a little bit
but
Okay
If you see this, it's a screenshot, okay?
This is a screenshot, it's a zoom of what
She is showing voucher from her account
email while typing and
passing in messages and updating and
the rest is worth it
if you are observers
you see
that says [ __ ] zebra in the messages
Okay
[ __ ] zebra
in the subject of the email is valid in the email
Javier Oliveira comes to you, you have a
new message
Jorge Soto you have a new message
name that you have on Twitter Okay what
This is what happens because it says here
[ __ ] zebra
and in the capture
[ __ ] Unicorn
So if this is falsified in the
in case this was falsified
Well, he was wrong
because he made a mistake
There are many details, there are many kitchens
no and you were wrong
would have several names or whatever is fine
And it's become a mess, just look at that.
well, I mean, the funa has been good, good
made and well worked and has tried
do the best you can but of course
end something so viral so viral and that
people seem to look like mice
library that I call it not then
Well, you leave out details. Then it has happened.
wrong You know a unicorn a
Zebra four legs have the same and
You made a mistake here, you put unicorn and
in the capture that we were seeing then
put zebra
If they are the emails we are seeing in
the video is worth it, these are the emails
Well, in the end
Well, in the end I tell you no, also one
something that I was saying that caught my attention
Attention But this is already an opinion
completely subjective that can be or
It can't be okay, it's supposed to be
You have to see if you have activated the
MD email notifications
It's logical that you have a handful of emails
scary not because a conversation of
mdf of you no Hello good afternoon goodbye a
kiss you know and it's supposed to teach the
five that are the strongest and they are those
Okay
then the lia has made a mistake
wrong everyone is wrong
He made a small mistake. It's okay.
Okay
Here is a video of a person
what it says I'm going to put it here enlarged
so that you all can see it, okay. I am that
I understand a [ __ ] thing about computers.
Ok, surely Ivan, I don't know if they are in
the chat today but Ivan usually understands more
I have no idea about these things.
nothing I know that you can edit screenshots
of screens and things with Paint and
Otherwise, I don't exactly know how to do it.
Okay, but here's a kid who explains
that there are applications and web pages where
You can fake this email thing.
So it's not even that it's not even that
even with this thing that you get involved and
you update and so on since that helps or
even that is no longer reliable today.
day is worth it the video is inverted
let's see, give me a second
Okay, I've invested a lot more, I don't
invested a lot of value
ok rotate horizontal ok here ok
I think you see what it is there
modifying is an email already being created
a fake email Look for it to reach him
look
I don't know there that what copies copies a
source code or something not
and he pastes it and it reaches him, look at Twitter
with the little Twitter photo and everything look
Look, the email from Twitter arrives.
look
Look, they have arrived to him too.
messages from auronplay you see him
They have also arrived on Play. So
Apparently this is super easy
of
that today there may be even if
He wants to work harder on you. I mean, yes.
You want to work much harder on the video
of the girl in which he is updating
and so on, it's worth seeing how to be able to How to be able to
if it can be falsified
a person who knows how to edit videos well
and things like that, he does it and that's it, that is.
movies are made and the effects
movie specials or something like that
power today you can falsify it
whatever you want and then whatever you want
you have to stay with the details
for example this for example this that has
caught a user no
that has been left
while doing the falsifying test
this or not
posadez to a couple of drafts
a kiss a kiss to those who are donating
and others forgive me for listening to us okay
but we are here waiting for what
we are talking today okay that it has been
left a couple of drafts
Well I don't know if it's a couple of drafts or
It's the same voucher but it says draft No to
the emails from aurons there doing
evidence
as if doing tests no And also look
you who also catch my attention
this screenshot
AF
ff let's see talk to me talk to me when you
I'm looking to put one in the chat if you know
has cut
put one in the chat if it has been cut off
one in the chat that I see
One Okay, are you listening to me, I told you?
that apart from the draft No, that's what it is
I tell you, it strikes me that you are
doing tests catches my attention
several things from this screenshot
that this user has published is worth it
that you are testing with the
emails have been deleted from an email
responding to the email where it is supposed to
that have reached you
auronplay's messages on Twitter or
it's like it's very strange
This is already strange in itself. No, but then
I am also here now giving myself
account value
observations of a person who, let's see, I already
what I always said that I do not understand
computer science nothing, I mean nothing at all, me
When I need something, I ask Aiden.
I ask you to help Ivan and
Those of you who know how to do something for me are worth it.
It strikes us that he says
main results that I know that
when you search for something in the mail
They always appear to you as results
most relevant And then the rest not all
ok look at all the results
main results and all do not call me
the attention that the two messages of
auronplay that the email detects as more
major
are unread
are marked as unread
I mean, let's see, you're supposed to come first.
to put whatever
has checked the messages
how is it possible that the two most messages
relevant or the most important
are marked as unread. That is,
first as a main result you
a draft appears
Ok First you see a draft and
then two messages here without reading two
unread messages
They tell me privately just when I am
saying this
People from around the world tell me privately
trust
what is said, commented and rumored
that this girl's current boyfriend
I don't know if this is true, no, I don't have it.
checked This is worth it they are checking me out
Sending me right now by md you know
that people on the internet are brutal okay
They tell me that the current boyfriend of that
girl is
computer programmer
computer programmer there are several
Internet users who talk about that
It's true, he's a computer scientist, he's a computer scientist
The kid
in the end
This is false
Let's see, this is fake, dude.
we had it, we had the little thing not there
Well, Auro, maybe there was
been chatting being naughty and
Suddenly Well suddenly someone from
all the ones you have chatted with in these 10
years because he was 14 and he didn't know it
because he has cheated on her with his age or XD or
whatever but this is already here
This is false
This tweet from a friend of hers
tweeting with her on her account that they have
given or with their account that they have given
This is the friend This is a friend And
This is the account they have given of
Claudia is fine and her friend Claudia tells her
Come on, this is still a day early
from the funa ok Claudia come on
you can still ruin it a little bit
career
This
Okay, send me the kid's profile.
the one who is supposedly this one's boyfriend
girl today
and
This kid is clearly a computer scientist
I'll see later, I'll see later, but come on
How shameless, right? I mean, but look.
you what they tweet the day before the
funa
because he's tweeting the day before the
cover this
Anyway, now I want to comment on one thing.
for the mess of the for the mess of the
accounts that there are with auronplay ok
because there are many people who say No but
this account this other account this other
account I don't know what it's worth
This has cost me many hours, okay?
But so that you have it super clear
Because you already know that I have
studied logistics at school in the
I studied logistics at the daycare.
in daycare and I have this very clear
Okay, here you see the year
2013 specifically in May the account of
auronplay okay don't interrupt me
while I am explaining it by
Please listen carefully to what I am going to tell you.
comment ok This is the account
@auronplay in May 2013 already
You know that I have a machine of the
time and I have searched for it and this is the one
auronplay account in May the account
@auronplay in May 2013 look
Here I retweeted Messi, verga had this
profile picture avatar you can read
Dino talks to him about some things, okay?
end
Ok what's going on, well this will be it
the account in May 2023 at
auronplay here you have another screenshot
also from May at auronplay Sara
painting the symbol with a marker
Nazi that there were many people
very stoned that starts saying that the
Sara's tattoo with the swastika
This one was real and that he had it
covered with flowers today is worth No
Look here you can see perfectly that this
It's with a marker, okay. And well, this is it.
the auronplay account
in the year 2013 May ok
As you can see, he has another Avatar.
different from the one shown if we
we're going to August
the check
@auronplay
was suspended
the @ account auronplay is valid
It was suspended in 2013 and you will say
What happened
What happened, okay, I'll explain it to you.
auronplay had
two accounts one
the one at auronplay and another
@sir auronplay
the check
@auronplay
It was discontinued and no longer exists with
every year that makes almost 10
years
It is not totally irrecoverable, it does not exist
Ok, that account doesn't exist now.
the check
@sir
auronplay is
currently the original account and
verified by auronplay
I'll show you all the evidence, okay?
first
He was first called Sir Auronplay
later that same account was renamed
auron 0
squeeze the pimple and squeeze the anus with
the information I'm going to give you now
share the live with all your
neighbors please share the live stream
with everyone
your neighbors
in family groups please
share the live stream
in the parents' groups of Lampa
share the live
the original auronplay account as of today
Today was not that @ auronplay that you
I have taught before that it is already suspended
10 years ago okay the account was sir
auronplay which by the way there is no
trace of it is worth it No we can't get it out
capture of this era nor anything worth if
There are captures out there, they will be captures
that they are on Twitter and so on is fine but
in the time machine no
I tell you this account is Sira's
auronplay but I changed the @ sign
to auron 0
easy and simple
sir auronplay is now auron 0 we are
talking about 2013 okay And the one that was
auron 0 is closed okay
I think there was a third account that was
called auron 0 but he closed it okay But
I'm not sure about that
in fact the original auronplay account
most years it has been called
auron 0
auron 0 and it has been the account of
Auronplay's official Twitter of his channel
has been the official account of his channel
Look, I shared the videos, look, you see them.
He liked his own YouTube videos.
videos and shared them And I said that I have
liked a video from @YouTube of
arroba auronsero
2013 2014
much 2014 or all the videos
shared with this account is always valid
the account has been named auron 0
until
that something breaks
in January 2015
Okay
auronplay in some way I don't know
I imagine that it would already start to grow and
would know someone from Twitter or because
they created the agency or whatever
recover the username
that auronplay was suspended
and puts auron 0 on your account. It changes
the name Changes the name
to the auronplay we know today
Ok And this I would probably do
Someone from the agency's Twitter what
be because of course when changing the @ he
I would have lost the Twitter verification
and he doesn't lose it, he had already verified the
has auron 0 then I understand that
I understand that someone would do it
Twitter or whatever is fine. But oh well.
This is to keep you in context for
that you know so that you don't get into a mess
with the accounts and everything else it's worth it
[Music]
Auron had at least two accounts
Twitter Maybe three auron 0 at most
better close it But I had two
of which one of them to auronplay Se
suspended sir auronplay's account
previously it was
if the auronplay went to auron 0 during
two or three years, three years in fact, and it is
the one we know today
as auronplay is worth once clarified the
subject of accounts
squeeze your anus
If you have to go to the bathroom right now, don't
you go
If you have to go to the bathroom in these
moments do not go
It turns out that the funa
has been worked on
nor that it has been so to see has been
mistaken for a zebra, a unicorn
but [ __ ]
they look alike
Ok, but it's been hard work
sense of some little detail not
has escaped
For example
the photo of Avatar
auronplay has a public tweet on the
My new Avatar says it's top
and this picture of Avatar is posted
November 21, 2013
followed this move
Something is happening
The girl publishes the time machine
not of December 12, 2013 and
auronplay continued with this Avatar no
Okay, I continued with that Avatar, no, I don't think so.
which I think is a parody of shrimp
If I'm not mistaken, it's a photo of shrimp.
No
and
in fact
surely they also noticed
that on December 15, 2013
December 15, 2013
someone puts a Christmas hat on the
photo and he puts it on
It is put on. Okay, then it matches here.
with the conversation not because we have
photographs of the conversation with him
Correct avatar and then we have the 20th
December
one more message
which also calls me a lot
attention
It really catches my attention
because suddenly
she posts a screenshot
with four messages but suddenly
a while
After a while he publishes another screenshot
for free
with the hat
then [ __ ]
the Avatar photo would not fit with us
would match the photo of Avatar with the
avatars that Auron had in that
then true
the one with the red background with the hair
curly and then at the end of December
at Christmas
with the hat the same photo of Avatar with
the Christmas hat is worth it
Well, a couple of things are not fake either.
has more no the girl has said that in her
Bio put the photo and age of birth
and no And the age that I had no and no
had
I mistake a zebra for a unicorn
Well, nothing important.
but then something happens
that there is a detail that escapes you
and now I want you to be
very attentive
On August 31, 2013, Auronplay had
This photo of Avatar Thanks Juan for the
profile picture
August 31st
from 2013
Yes, it is true that on November 21st
auronplay gets
This photo of Avatar in which it seems
Christ
we can also check
for this screenshot that
the girl shares
that on November 21st
yes I had that Avatar picture too
in which Jesus Christ appears
It turns out that
December 2nd
I also had this photo
I also had this photo on the 2nd
December is worth it here we can see it here
can we see a picture of your profile okay
everything fits perfectly with the
girl's conversation is okay
On December 12th I had the photo too
In addition, here we can see on the web
Machine in the profile of auron on 12th
December 2013 And if we copy a tweet
any for example This is worth
example this and we look for it we see that it is
real December 12, 2013 and we see that
It is the account that is currently auron
Okay
then they pass him the Christmas photo
and we can see that indeed
At the end of December he had the photo of
Christmas
but they leave out a detail
they leave out a detail
subscribe right now before everyone
I'll tell you the details, subscribe now
same all
hit the subscribe and like buttons
right now everyone before I tell you
detail let's see I'm seeing you here
sideways glance until everyone is gone
subscribed and the like button pressed no
I say it
Paco, your Paco Dale is missing.
Paco Dale
Paco presses the button Paco Come on, you bastard
that it's free. Give it to him that he only
you have to give it a go You are already subscribed
everyone Ready baby you are all subscribed
ready ok
Give it a like, give it a like, everyone is worth it
surely to try
or for some aesthetic reason
opaque they gave him the verified
Surely that would be the reason that
They gave the verified because I remember
that in order for them to give you the verified one
I agree that I had to do it too
that you had to put a real photo
that it wasn't a drawing
that's why the photos are a shitty photo
I note that it has to be said not for some reason
which would surely be that they gave him the
verified
on a couple of occasions during that stretch
November time
until January
auronplay removes this photo in which
It looks like shrimp and puts another one in
concrete on November 30, 2013
date that coincides with some of the
conversations
of the supposed minor because in fact there is
one of the messages of the 30th
November precisely
November 30th
auronplay has another profile picture that
It is not that of Jesus Christ the Shrimp
Ramn Today is the day there is still more Javi
Twitter was slow to update the information
that was sent by email up to 48 hours in advance
That's why the Avatar is not updated
I'm sorry to take apart El Chiringuito for you
It takes Twitter 48 hours to
updating it is worth it
You just dismantled El Chiringuito for me.
full
El Chiringuito has just been dismantled for me
complete
Twitter took 48 hours to update it
No
on Twitter he stuck for two days
sending you the profile photo by email
former
Oh
Luckily for the friend who just told me
donate money luckily I have another one here
tweet
the day before
Okay
from the day before not from the day after not from
day before
in which auronplay already
I had that crappy photo
in Avatar
Thanks friend for your Beats I just
put El Chiringuito back together
auronplay was with another for three days
Avatar
three days with a different Avatar
friend
and now you can tell me, well, but it's that
Maybe this is not the account of
auronplay
but it is that it may not be the
auronplay account because it is auron D in
instead of auron 0
is that maybe this account gives it to you
like
This boy Carliu Navarro is that
The best thing is that this Line is not Aurora Play.
is that maybe this Line is not
auronplay is a fan account
Here is the original tweet
the one auronplay in this capture
give like ok
here you have it
the Auronsero tweet when they say there the
fish ok here is the original tweet
to which auronplay gave a like
only has three likes
prepare your like
prepare your online
the capture
Claudia's
at least the one on November 30th
of 2013
is falsified
Ramn Today is the day
They almost knocked down El Chiringuito XD
They can never dismantle a truth
Thanks Javi for always Search where
another no less than three
But look at what nonsense you can't do
Being a Chiringuito would then be the same
If we start from the base that already
she
He is lying when he said that
when he said that in his profile he put
age
music by thegrefg in the background for this
brutal moment, eh brutal, let's see
basically auronplay and this moment is
call happiness
this moment let's see It is the truth
It's false, that is, there is no other option.
auronplay had this Avatar this tweet
has it public on his profile account
that's why the girl would put the emails
This photo of Avatar is really something
It is true that there is some tweet where it is
You can check that you still have the
Avatar but the detail has been left out
that there were two three days in which
Auron changes his profile picture
surely so that Twitter would give him the
verified by the knowledge that
I have as a youtuber and because I know that
Others have done it, for example, me
I agree that I had to do it myself
I had a picture of what the face was like
as a drawing like this does not retire me
agreement was a drawing that they made me and
for the verified one I had to change it
Okay, and I remember that Juan Guarnizo
He also did it in his day when he had it
has a drawing No he has a drawing in
Twitter as well as Rosita not one
cartoon and to give it the verified
had to change he put Twitter on it
checked and then put back on
drawing okay here you can see that also
This is December 6, 2013
Auron also changes for a few hours
the photo and he puts a photo that he is in
here playing the fool with I don't know if it is
a knife, a montage or whatever
You see, on December 6th, Auron had
This photo and the December 8th Auron
I also had this little photo, you see it, okay?
and then on the 12th between the 8th and the
12 then auron is put back to the
shrimp and someone gives him this
modification with the cap and is with
the little hat for a while
Why did the girl do this?
because the girl did this, I didn't
I have no idea, okay, what I know
there are some lies too
with respect to what
to what has been said about whether he has friendship
or not with certain people it is worth it
girl is a friend or gets along or is a colleague
with the environment of
with you the Frank the Frank This was
editor of forging and was editor of many
of them is worth
[Music]
The one that had the @ before is worth it
by the way he has also lied because
we listen to an audio in which we listen to a
audio in the Turbo plan video in the
that the so-called daisu said that she did not have
no relationship with Claudia that no
I knew why Claudia was that yes
Auron wanted to be a trial that was no longer going to happen
unsolicited excuse accusation
manifests worth such and such and such is
went to the Turbo Plan video to say no, I
I have sent a message to Auron and I
I told Auron that it's good that I support him.
but if there is a trial whatever it is that I
I don't want to go but who asked you to?
don't go to any trial daisu
because you are giving an answer to something
that someone has not requested you if you
They call you for a criminal trial.
whether you like being a witness or not
I mean, literally, I have had to go to
witnesses to a place where they have not been
presented not where I have not been
presented if a judge calls you and
you have to declare you have to declare
and in fact, if it is civil too
you have to go but especially if it is
penalty you can't back down
So the first thing daisu is
It is completely untrue that you do not have
relationship with this girl has come out a
a lot of things are probably worth it
Editors will be putting on screen
when this is edited many more
screenshots have been published
even WhatsApp no And this girl is such
daisu which was the one with the @ sign
before her than Claudia
you talk to her but you talked and you have
had friendship until now or rather they are
Friends, Daisu and Claudia are friends.
and they have denied it So why do you deny it?
So what I'm wondering is why
you deny Why do you deny that she is your friend
Hey, she's my friend, but I don't know anything.
Hey, she's my friend and I support her. Hey, my friend.
no no
suddenly daisu denies
meet Claudia and it turns out there is
lots of things that are known, okay?
then also
the editor this this guy was boyfriend of
Claudia this boy was the girl's boyfriend
what Claudia's funa has done
Frank who is super involved in
the group of these people let's go here you can
see the tweets I don't put a tweet about
My best friend, Claudia, told me
plagiarism miare retweets her ok
Fran ok
that in its day
which in its day by the way here you have
Another tweet that proves they were dating
Okay, by the way, in its day
when this girl Claudia who was also
Dallas hater hated Dallas for some reason
reason is worth it
mention that for a computer scientist it is
simple use f12 and make them
changes remain even if the system is reloaded
page or berrides is the tool
Claudia joined the Funa in her day
against forces of course I was thinking
the other day [ __ ] But how strange no yes
Claudia is a friend of this whole group
because he joined in trampling on forges No
clear and now I understand it now
I understand because she was Franz's girlfriend, I don't know
until what year I don't know if this year
still Fran's girlfriend but of course
Now I understand, she was Frank's girlfriend who
By the way, this Fran was the editor
the Frenchman who was the editor of such a thing
state these days of the case of
auronplay that is something else that is
important too
This Frank we have been seeing the likes
You can find it on his Twitter account
check it out for yourselves and it has been
liking all of Felipe's tweets
from El Win michu when he shares The
screenshots of mine the other day
been liking all those things
It is also striking because some
likes are prior to the such
Claudia goes out to be the funa Okay, it gives me
the feeling that I knew
that he knew this episode that of
not before
then also regarding the issue that has
denied friendships
wismichu okay the girl posted a tweet
denying
denying knowing wismichu regarding
On the subject of Wismichu, he neither suits nor interests me.
I don't remember why he followed me
I remember why he followed me, I don't remember
why he followed me but never asked me
phototits
He has a tweet where he says it's worth it.
we didn't talk at all so I imagine that your
tweet It would be a joke, well then we were leaving
We imagined that the tui would be a joke, right?
I have nothing to say about him because I don't
we have never spoken
We have never spoken And now it turns out
that of course he spoke
I mean, but they talked a lot, okay?
here he spoke here he spoke here he spoke
here he spoke
and here it is not only that he spoke
here not only that I spoke because
Of course, until these days I said, well
but of course maybe Daisu was the one
who had the account before and as daisu
was the one who spoke with all of these
because by giving the @ to the other one that
We said that, the new one didn't supplant it.
the identity to the other and then many
YouTubers thought they were talking to Daiso
but in reality they were talking to Claudia
Ok, but it turns out that according to
this screenshot
wismichu was already following Claudia on her
other accounts
before being a killifish
before being like Killie Dead
before being killed bytead
wismichu was already following her on an account that
her name was Claudia
Cox de mix
And here my question is why do you deny that
I mean, Wismichu hasn't said anything, no, but
the girl why denies having spoken with
wismichu who doesn't know why he follows him
I know what it is but I did follow you on one
previous account
I mean, I get the impression that
they know a lot
that they are internet colleagues like me
I can be the one from the auron or the Dallas or
from the east or the other Jorge welcome
Yes, on May 23rd, eh. Look if you
follow wismichu okay And here in another tweet
There are interactions too, those will be the ones
tweets that Wismi deleted
These days he has deleted 400 tweets, I don't know.
which ones are worth it
I mean, but I followed her. I mean, I followed her.
from another account, that is, another account already
The previous girl was already followed by another one
I was already following the previous account
Okay
and then in turn, well anyway Abi
that this There are a lot of tweets Okay
when this is edited the editor will
It will be on screen but oh well
Avi has also come out that there are a lot
from tweets that also knows Frank
this one and protects another and gets along well
with the winmichu and when they ask him
Something about Wismichu she doesn't know anything about
I mean
let's see, in all honesty, this is this
proves that these people are behind
the girl's funa and they told her
girl who kills auron in revenge
because Auron is getting along with Dalas today are
the passes with Dallas or whatever
No, it is not any proof, so this is it.
The only thing that proves is what relationship they have
more or less or internet colleagues or what
that it is good but it has a relationship
proves that there is a conspiracy not to
seeing it demonstrated would only demonstrate it
some conversations that said no
Now everyone can think what they want
clear or so but prove it no
prove it this does not prove it
now there is
several things
of several of them
In those who have lied literally or
either because they have refused to talk to each other and then
If they talk, this Daisu was the girlfriend of
Joaqun [ __ ] master That we were friends of
Wismichu, in short, there are connections
there are connections and then apart from that there are
connections because there are also things that you
They attract attention not because they cut the
capture and remove it from wismichu
Why do you deny that you talk to Wismichu?
and then there are screenshots in the
It's not that you talk to him, it's that
wismichu followed you in 2013 on accounts
I was already following you before, okay then
you have interactions with miares then
Abi takes your testimony for granted without
no evidence and then backtracks and then
Carch does the following, that is, it is a
roll the truth is I do not rule out that in
More will continue to come out in the coming days
things If not the next few days at the time
Okay, so that's how things are in life.
things in life are like that
In the end everything comes out And if you have lied to you
They catch And if you don't know what you know then
It would be the first time that these people
They organize to make a funa Hey there
rumors and there are people out there
the accent in the email I forgot that one
test I forgot that test I forgot that test
I forgot that test because because it occurred to me
has forgotten that test
because why do I forget that test
because I forgot that test is
TRUE
because
because I forgot that test is
true It's true that it's a shame Hey then
Editors put this in put them in
before Editors when I am editing the
video this piece that I'm going to say now
putting it in the previous one is fine
It may seem like I've said it before but
What happens is that they are not what I have now
uncle
where do I have it uncle the accent uncle
you had to open it too, dude.
closed
look here we have it look here we have it
we have look look
This girl
in the screenshot it is worth this
He took it out, he had another thread of a
user that I don't know why I closed it
ok but it's the same user who takes out
This is worth it And you realize apart from what
of the draft is worth of the drafts
Note that here it says via without an accent
okay in these tests it leaves no way
tilde and here I imagine it would be a
real test with a friend and put via
via Twitter with the accent mark
They are details They are details that go
adding is worth it but outside of that this
It's a shame. These are details that go
adding and this to me the impression that I
meanwhile gives a draft a draft
marked other not marked other has the
If someone else doesn't have a photo, the photo of the one is fine.
another account is not worth it to me what I
This is what makes me think.
this screenshot with this no
read when they are supposed to be messages
that you had to read them no earlier than
put it will have read it no Or you don't know it
that you are going to expose Then these
messages these messages marked as no
read and this draft and this I don't know what
To me personally, the impression that I
gives very clearly very clearly how
Shakira would say
You've been messing around here.
racket to do tests
That is to say, this has been fiddling with
do tests okay this is false okay
This is false, so what I was telling you
Saying now let's see what has happened
said the brother of auron and auron but
What I was telling you this proves
that there is a conspiracy that these people
They are behind not to see demonstrate it not to do it
proves everyone can think what they want
I want to have already spoken about it on many occasions
Javi, you don't understand the accent is that
Twitter forgot to put it Because the
who sent the emails was with
trial contract Hahaha
I thought it was from Chiringuito another time
Sometimes I thought I was the one who came to
dismantle El Chiringuito again like
If El Chiringuito were mine you would know
plan as if I won or didn't win something
with auron
okay in case there is some fool who doesn't
I don't know that I'm not in the games of the
squid nor will I be because I already know
announced long ago or anywhere
because in London they don't want me either
the other one doesn't love me either, that is, I don't
I gain absolutely nothing by thinking about them and
If Dallas didn't have those videos, there wouldn't be
evidence of this girl's falsehood and
people would not have started looking
more that, that, let's see. There are things that are scary.
all this Javi but destiny is
So that's how destiny is and things are
then they end up squaring up like this because the
destiny is like that
destiny in the end is what happens is what
that you know but what am I saying?
It is clear that I gain nothing from
This would have been true to me
auron would have done this Well I would be
giving him sticks
I'm going to take it up the ass, you know.
What do I do if you've done it? You're screwed and you
They take the hits But I don't win
nothing if the problem is yours, it doesn't matter to me
You have to dismantle any Chiringuito
I have my theme my ass very clean me
You understand the topic is yours if it is true
Well, it is true and without a lie it is a lie.
but it is that objectively investigating
All this is what I have to teach
this that this This is more false than the
Holy [ __ ], this is a three-euro bill.
there were tortillas there were tortillas
Let's see, let's read this thread by Daisu.
closing with this topic, okay, I have it
sent to the kitten fugok and also has
chicha the thread Look this is daisu okay
On March 1, 2021, he says
Years ago Jorge a kiss years ago I saw myself
in the moral obligation to stop
talk to people around me
isma
trust, camaraderie, not being
friends from years ago
being friends for years
for having treated people badly in my
case of a wonderful girl that I'm not going to
to say name Because he will want to respect his
privacy and had a terrible time I saw
This person offering all his good
feelings and these treat her as a
[ __ ] garbage this is what daisu is saying
Hey, I don't say this. No, I'm not here.
Saying it myself, I want to leave it right.
Of course I have no [ __ ] idea what it is
who is talking to you I read the thread that
People are sharing daisu
I have seen this person offering all
her good feelings and these treat her
like a [ __ ] piece of garbage I include my Ares
Ingrid and Joaquin to the point of
to think that if it happened to me I would have
worst finish
Today I speak because it irritates me that he continues
having people who defend this Pea
who do anything for fame without
import the feelings of those who
They are there because I truly believed that
They were friends, including me, years ago I stopped
enter into controversy but I think not
It would be fair not to come out and defend something that
I know it's true and that here another person
more Dallas has been wrongly accused
and has had the balls to put up with them
everyone to continue defending themselves
And on top of that, helping victims
involved in ensuring that justice is done
I don't give a [ __ ] if you don't want to
support him but then I don't want to listen to you
go from Defenders of harassment and bullying
When you go to the knife to anyone who
support someone
just because you don't like him
It is not necessary to be like these people
When you don't like something, there are no cruel people
If I speak it is precisely because before
judge I inform myself okay here the girl
basically what he is saying what
I told since 2019 that at the moment
What comes out of that group if you dare to
get out of that group, which is something that today
There are kids and there are people who don't dare
nor do they think contrary things behind their backs
Okay, but if you dare to go in
against that group or cross their path
objective which is to bring down Dallas now
either making peace with him or
asking for forgiveness even though I don't have to
see with you they are going after you they are going after you or
be it to me
In 2019, they threatened me with being removed
those conversations of mine
saying that they were going to destroy my
marriage that didn't care about my children
whatever and until they have taken it out
They haven't stopped, okay, giving me the reason and
Here is what Daisu is saying
It's more or less the same thing, right?
What this thread makes me think about is that
I just read that I hadn't read it.
I just got blown away, it's worth what I get
It makes me think that he is such a Daisu
now she's fighting with Claudia
Of course, let's see the Turbo Plan video.
Of course, of course, this tardiusu is fought over
with Claudia
Sure, well, how are you people? Welcome.
clear
clearly speaking and he has confirmed to me that yes
which is from 93 and it has also been
sent to your ID to check it or
whatever happens that I think I knew then
to a guy on Twitter and we started to
go out and turned out to be a very son of a [ __ ]
toxic that he didn't like to be among
famous quotes on Twitter and at the end
Well, I ended up deleting my account so as not to
have problems with him etc then
It turns out that Claudia at that time when
I had Twitter, it was like my fan, no.
Well, I followed all the YouTubers and
Twitter people and I don't know why. Well
Look, she was my fan, she was a girl and she did
girl things and when I became disabled
the account I imagine that what she thought
I imagine that's what she thought when
they are actually friends, they have been friends
all these years and she gives him the
at sign
I imagine I imagine I don't imagine I mean no
Of course they've finished you off too.
fight because some are on one side and
others of another This is so your theory is
perfect the only thing I don't see is the
connection between shrimp and Jim Morrison
Otherwise everything is fine.
rolling with laughter
Oyster, I'm going to steal Daisu's @
because that way I can get all this
people with whom one spoke or for what
less try and such and such and in fact
Yesterday, checking everything, I saw that she
when he took my arroba he put it on
different I have I had Killer by
ideas for low bar low all in
lowercase and if you notice she has
capital letters and if you watch Twitch and
you check dates you will see
perfectly as what you have
capital letters are Claudia's and the rest is
mine because they are older tweets and
Basically what I told Ral in
audios is that I do not want to get into
no controversy that I have nothing to
see what happened to him and
Claudia that my position is neutral Only
I have gone with my truth that will be my @
that if you remember that time with this
in common that such and such Well yes that
It was me but I left Clara my
position that I don't want to go in the least
to screw him or to denounce him and that in case of
that there are complaints that I have nothing to do with
that I am not going to testify anything because
I'm not even interested in going to [ __ ] with anyone
a person because
That's what I'm telling you. I'm almost 30 years old.
As everyone knows, I have my life
made my partner my dogs my things and
my job and I have no need to
get into things that I don't like
simply imply I wanted to leave him
Of course, in my opinion, but I don't think so.
He's going to read it, but anyway, it was like
a kind of tweets Clear clear clear
I mean, look at you, the chick is going to Turbo
plan and send him some audios
lying as if downplaying the importance
the relationship she had with the tar
Claudia as if I didn't know her, I don't know
I don't know how much he knows, I'll let him know.
I don't know what I'm going to talk to Auron about.
to tell him that I have nothing to
see that I don't want to screw him but that yes
There is some trial that I am not going to that I am not going to.
I'm not even going to testify, lest it be that
between search and search for things in turbid
and I'm in the middle, you understand?
I mean
[Music]
Well, nothing guys, I hope that I hope that
all those who have given it credibility
truthfulness and credibility to nonsense
You're with this girl, well, I hope so.
rectify obviously I hope that
rectify it immediately, okay?
I hope they rectify this immediately.
exactly what I already told you
It cannot be said that there is one
conspiracy occasion prepared by that
People, I don't know if I really do either.
would claim that it was prepared by
I've always said that about those people, eh?
When you asked me, I don't believe it.
that these people have prepared any
funa against auron now that since that
I'm waking up Haha I missed a little
small thing Now that since the
Pisuerga passes through Valladolid, I take advantage and
I retweet it and I give it to you and you know what
I say there I no longer tell you, that is, what I do
It is true And this is an objective fact
that these people have been here for a year and a half
throwing poop at him and against Auron and
Beijing that is a fact and it is true
Quetzal himself has already told in a video
that was
throwing [ __ ] at Wismichu at a meal
to Beijing with reference to auron and well
This is not some things that this girl told me.
He said that Auron had fetishes with
girls urinating urinating basically
It's that you look at what I did and what I have done to you
tried to explain many times but
Of course, as I didn't want to say it
information in case it was but apparently
that it is a lie, okay, but even if it were
truth And what in what way does it leave in a bad place to
auron that's what he's putting here
These tweets that seem totally
random and you have a little memory
this time in January of last year
when auronplay gave it to him he had
So
the experts Because she was the one who told it to him
He told through me that I told him
to her after she told me about it
ex-girlfriend and she tells it for a while
a lot of time was putting various
tweets of this style some of them
I don't even understand them myself. Because
Many of those tweets I only understood
Auron himself for example look
This has been going on for a year and
They have been doing it halfway And you will say
Why, because that's why I would love it
know how to warn of
that these are objective facts
These are objective facts that have been
that will find Auron and Beijing from
long ago yes from the moment in which
that Sara made peace with
That is, from the moment Sara
made that video with Dallas asking him
I'm totally sorry.
completely
That is an objective fact, okay, that is a
objective fact
Let's see what Auron said, okay?
on discord
It's clearly not what it sounds like
clearly not clearly not good at
another order of things auron has been
pronounced in his discord and well I don't
I liked it a lot or I have to admit
he
message because I was expecting you
I expected and would have liked something a
a little more guerrilla but well I can do it
understand to see what you think okay
Let's read it and see what you think.
You guys are like that, you're not going to see it, I'm going to see it.
to put it like this is fine
Good afternoon, baldies, put emotes mode
I am writing this message to inform you that
I'm better and I'm going to take advantage of this
break to make some changes in my
study to make it a little more welcoming
will remain the same but I want
make some changes
Okay, sure, it's better once they go.
days go by and in the end things are
It's dismantling and the whole thing is worth it
You were expecting Auron Abi, you're going to [ __ ] yourself.
then you vacuum cleaner Exactly let's see if
really yes what he said or what
He simply said that he was going to give it to the back
no to a few no yes yes it ended with
Beijing I don't think so I don't think so let's see no
I think the thing transcends so much
I know but I don't believe it I don't believe it The truth is no
but it's warm, let's see if you look here
basically it says I don't know how long
will take there is no return date nor do I know
exactly what will I do when I get back that
I'll see over time right now
I just want to be calm and at peace
you can take advantage of the opportunity to take a bath
that you smell a little strong on the other hand
As I said in my video, for me it is a
closed topic
we must leave certain issues behind
benefit of everyone's Mental Health
Look for culprits and keep stirring up trouble.
issue that has already been settled does not have
room
we must leave the past behind and look
going forward I understand the message of
auron he knows that his skirt is the most
big and the most intense smile mouth
open to see I understand the point okay
wait, I'll finish reading it and tell you, okay
I am aware that your intention
It is helpful, however, it is harmful
for you and especially for me since
I need peace of mind I still maintain that
Everything was strange Yes but no That's why
we must pester and become
detectives and in the CIA it is going too far
far away we must bury the hatchet
war
to the past is gone This is not GTA By
more than you give Gustavo a turn it's not going to
revive you I want to thank you all
support that I receive daily and I hope for some
day to be able to compensate for all the love that
you have given I will inform you either by
here or for stories of progress that go
doing in the Setup makes me excited that
You see it, I insist, it's the same as always.
but with some changes I send you a
big hug Let's see what he says there
that bury the hatchet and it is
but if you have never had the
hatchet That is, if the attacked has
been you
you are the one who has been throwing you away for years
The one who's been lying around for years is the one who's pulling you off.
shitty
your girlfriend is not supposed to [ __ ]
see me mess with my girlfriend and how she
if they messed with me, okay with my partner
They get involved and as if they were messing with me and
Carchi has stabbed himself
Very dirty from behind, okay. He's done it to you.
a tremendous mess
your own family is pulling your leg
which has sat like a kick in the ass
balls what carch is done and how
He has taken advantage of your fame and now lives
comfortably thanks to your fame while
that hits you The stab
what hatchet he has to bury
you
So what hatchet has to be
bury the
refers to the fandom that buries the
hatchet already but that buries the
hatchet, that is, they make you a [ __ ]
funa trying to accuse you of the worst thing that
you can like a man and you
you want to bury the hatchet no
I know when there will be a price has been
become a Sister of Charity
I understand the point, eh, that is, me
I understand the point you're making. Well,
see is that it has a very large fandom and
If Auron points at someone, he can do it.
load what you said the other day has
sense that in some conversation between them
The girl would have said about Auron and
the others told him to go ahead
that's why it's pure imagination that's it
pure imagination, let's see, I'll give the data
objectives in today's live I have
given data and objectives the photos of
profiles that had the nicknames that had
The errors that there are in the email are those
objective data and evidence Now speculate
This person has sent it to the other self
when I was able to tell you that I have
said Hey look a girl came to me
and this person told me he wrote to me
a tweet for me to put this
person made me go here this person made me
made me go there, that is, I told you because
They've told me whatever but not now.
I have nothing to tell you, you suspect every time
one can obviously talk and
think and believe Yes but from there to point out
that she has sent Claudia that
post the tweet right now today
February 19th, there is no such thing as a day off.
try it okay hey we can think about it
that we want Hey listen to me there are things
in which they have lied more than
Auron is obviously a coward
Several things can happen here, okay?
that is, suddenly from being the other day
saying that you're going to drive this crazy
you put auronplay in the Bio and now
you want Peace to see does not mean either
This is not going to be the videos that
I was going to do it. I don't know, we'll see a lot about it.
He doesn't have much time left, that is, he won't be going
to be out But Javi It can't be
guerrilla if he got wet with the landing
look what happened of course let's see here what
I understand there are several things first
I understand that he has an image and a
impact that is not the same the best
I don't understand Javier Oliveira's.
that
and so many brands behind it and all the fuss and
maybe they don't want to go to war and
in conflict and such Well I have already
explained what about the brands is what about the
brands is a mantra that is a lie or rather
the thing about brands, this thing that they
Companies and brands don't want you
sponsor if you are causing controversy
That is a mantra that is false, okay?
all the life the brands today
They are sponsoring Save Me Big Brother
and anything goes
I'm not telling you that I'm going to go neck-deep either.
in a wild way in which now
become a Javier Iveira or a
Dallas is worth it but a stick a stick and
a little review
that is, get rid of caches
respond to people who have been there
Throwing [ __ ] there are threads with millions of
Twitter views of some is
colleague ex-friend
where they lie about him having
millions of visits
arrive like this and now so calm no no
I pass, that is, they just slandered me
They just trampled me on the ground, they just finished me
to hit the ceiling with blows
mouth and what Paz wants sounds strange to me
I feel very bad for those who for the
image they already have may not have strength
to say four things on camera because
In the end you keep that to yourself and talk about it in
home is sometimes not enough sometimes in
that moment explodes a little, a shame
but of course maybe that's what it is
valuing is what comes next. That is
that if he takes and tells something he doesn't tell something
one of those who has him answers him
to answer then the others come back to
respond with more things
as I don't know, no, I mean, in a way that they tell
something he doesn't want to be told
what is going to think what is going to
people think directly is that they
has screwed up
If you want something mental, keep everything to yourself.
It's the best man, let's see, me too
I advocate tranquility and I advocate
Well, not much, but I understand the
point of wanting peace and such
But [ __ ] my son, they just got you
trample
Damn, my son, they just accused you.
of a terrible thing many people many
former colleagues have supported him
and so tramples while you were in the
floor
So now come to me with what I want
be calm
It seems a little to me XD
People will find that very
Disappointing, really, but oh well, let's see.
He can do whatever he wants and you
I say it is his image, his tranquility
and his and his everything and his everything
I tell you, under no circumstances do you know
Let's see, for example, I recently
They made a very dirty and very low attack
and legal besides and legal besides that
I've still had a few to see
little words from time to time Javi sus
advisors will have recommended you
tranquility yes but for the only reason
that I understand a tranquility is
because if you now answer
to the people who have trampled on you and who
has taken advantage of this
But then people can accuse
of whatever they want without consequences
It seems to me, it doesn't seem to me at all but
Of course, that's what I'm telling you and it won't be because
what will take it legally that is what
What was I going to say, for example, recently?
without using harsh language or taking out
private things auron could and should
to dot the i's and cross the i's for some
how many of course
you're going to have to do some cleaning
important of friends and what not not
I don't understand or get why that is
funa and I think they have come too far
away with all this
man I to a certain extent
Many believe that people want blood
I at least not. What I want is to see.
that he is a human being who has screwed him and that
It's even the Little One has a pair for
say you you and you to the [ __ ] and if he doesn't want to
no longer pronounce Jiji
I understand. To a certain extent.
I would understand not wanting to enter the
war
to say Well then I'm not going to hit him
hit this one because if not he will come back
answer we are going to make a loop is going to
to bring out something even worse from me that I don't
I don't want to know anything like that
Okay, well, let's see if with what you
they have done it has not come out anymore it does not come out anymore
Ok, that's fine on one hand, but I hope so.
that it does not reach the level of having
Karcher at his side still because there already
I say, look, my son, I pull my arm.
It is that sincerely that is no longer that
were to disappointment is like that suddenly I
Tomorrow if I get in touch with you the week that
I'm coming to see Auron.
collaborating with karch
The first thing I would think is, look boy.
If another case comes to you within two
months you deserve it
This is like the This is like the island of
the temptations I don't know if you know one
whose name was Christopher of
Estefana Estefana not this is what they named her
the horns but at full blast on the island of
the temptations no and the boy there
crying like a super henpecked guy in
plan the bride touching all the
croquettes over there kneading everything
that could knead He threw himself on the bed with
another everything of everything of everything or rather the
humiliated the kid in the most
strong as possible and the other crying
Estefana Estefana and ran away in
end there you say Well okay the first one
Poor thing, okay, then he went back to her.
after Temptation Island
He returned to her and on the street she told him
he cheated again
you know he forgave her again and then they were
back to the island of temptations
a second edition and in the tipa returned
to go with one I don't know if it was the same one
is that the other is dead if he attacks him
It only gives him fame
Yes, well, I don't know the truth, I say that
as now nothing will anger but as
auronplay Yes, Dallas also said that
I had a pending debate with the man
The debate has been left with Dallas no
I think I left it lying there, they have been left behind
auron should think that as fans this
It was also a hard thing to offend us.
fight for someone who doesn't support us like
fandom dignity
that thing about the island of acceptance that you
I was saying the first one you say host
Poor thing, the second one says your aunt
success boy has forgiven and again for
I count them the third time and the fourth time already
you screw up and you deserve to be put in the
horns
Do you understand the comparison, that is, me?
Now I see myself collaborating with Karcher.
with how clear it has become
all the movements of carch and I already
I would say, look, my son of my life, you know
there there but well let's see what it is
What the brother said Ah well what
Regarding the legal issue, yes, let's see.
personally for example in the last
They did a dirty job on me for weeks
I don't have anything else to donate XD look
still follows w after what
Sara published with that perhaps we already
is responding with wanting that peace of
I wouldn't be able to, I'd eat it with
potatoes and does that to my partner
said a shame
that Javi when you talked about Dallas
he wets the bed very hard
man in autoplay Well that's honestly it
I think it's very low on your part because
I said that at the time and I said it
because a person you know who he is
and I think I don't need to mention it
because we all know who he is
taking advantage in 2017 of a fight that I
was having on Twitter with Dallas and
that I was super hot then
Taking advantage of the fact that I was on
as I have done on other occasions with
other people told me tell him this tell him that
pees in bed
So that came out because that person told me
at that moment that caught me super
angrily he told me to attack him with this and I
I took it and put it on and it sounds familiar to me too
that Jairo blog said something I don't remember or
let your level of laughter be
about that
brutal no I mean if you think that with that
You make Dalas look bad. You make things look bad.
people who use that if I don't
mistake was something about health was a
health problem man, well if it makes you
funny that is a health problem
turn off Let's go with your attack no I mean
there is the level of there is the level of the
hints from wismichu
Yes, I think it was some health problem.
I don't know if it's related to the
diabetes or something but he already explained it
after that he already explained it but
Let's go laugh at that
level, let's go, I couldn't expect less from you
in fact
that what I was telling you that you have told me
interrupted that unless it is
doing some theme some movement
legal that no I don't think that here to auron
make a lot of legal moves too
I tell you okay, for example, there is one
something that has stuck with me these days
last few weeks about an illegal thing
what have they done to me
Revenge is a dish that is served
cold Well it wouldn't be what I tell you I am
more of the moment than the truth has happened to me
cost not having to answer because my
way to respond would have been in your
moment with a video and ping ping ping it
I take everything apart and I could even teach
audio recordings of laps and conversations
turn around and give it an incredible review
What happens is that there will be measures
legal then I have to bite myself
No, Javi is never my
I don't intend to laugh at any disease
I just laugh at no one if it happens to anyone
Dallas do not distort my actions by
Please, well, honestly, I
I think that leaves a bad place for the
people who wanted to get that out for
for a mockery which is in fact what it is
It always happens, we don't go to the usual
Others seek evidence of the falsehoods of the
sheath
while supposed friends give him the
back and then we come back as if nothing
Nothing would have happened. How bad the ones from
sauce yes literally In the end to me and to
Dallas will continue to turn their backs on us and
all those who have participated in the
I trample on Euro because they will treat him again
as if nothing had happened
I imagine that the shots will go for him, not to the
acne would be brutal that would be brutal but
Well, let's see them coming, no no
let's get ahead of ourselves, brother
of auron
place auron
in the Setup and the doll would be auron
Here we see the square face that already
I told you yesterday that it was Abi, okay. Yesterday I
They revealed that the square face is Javi
and then we have the stories here
put in the Setup
of rats and others no
I always go, we have to be together, rat
common rat as doing so
This doesn't lead you to see this doesn't lead you to see this
let's see no but well in the Setup it's okay And
Here is Karch with his girlfriend
and here it is said that I have no [ __ ] idea
What it will mean is that you never know.
Here on the corner is Cepeda, I don't know anymore
if you ever get to see it
but here on the corner is Cepeda and no
I have no [ __ ] idea what this means anymore.
worth what yes that the coordinates
What is true is that the coordinates that are
here
arrives at a place called Rat Island
Rat Island
I think Auron's brother
It is that these art that have to be
interpret as best as possible There is some
newest story
Dallas has always regretted it
having remained silent for so long
everything began to change when he exposed
That rabble. I hope Auron acts.
be careful not to use those terms
Please when you send super chat
have respect for people please
you mean who you mean okay
You should invite Ruben to chat.
I prefer good
listen to me
[Music]
There are some more stories I think that
Auron's brother does not
It won't be funny for him
auron's decisions
I think Auron's brother is going to be
very critical of his own brother
quite a few of the decisions and movements
that I will do next
Why? Well, because I think that auron
I hope I was wrong
I hope I was wrong but it gives me the impression
feeling that it's going to be
too warm
excuse me
Okay Ingrid, nothing's wrong.
too warm
I think it's going to be too warm
I hope not, I hope not. I hope not.
I was wrong but I think it's going to be
too warm
that is going to go even over the line with
lukewarmness, let's call it that.
I hope it's not lukewarm.
I think so because of what I am
seeing me coming
I'm not liking it anymore
what I'm seeing coming and it's not happening to me
liking it a lot
Karime says don't tell me that Auron is going to
forgive karches let's see me and Karime
being completely honest
I Karime right now being
completely sincere
I no longer count
Well, I already assume that
that Auro is not going to say anything about the car
that carcher is not going to get a jerk
ear or anything
that over there
and what I hope not to find
because that would already be tremendous
what I hope not to find
It would obviously be Acarche collaborating
with auron, that would be the best
But well, let's wait and see.
what's happening
Let's not get ahead of ourselves, I'll see what
has auron on his profile right now
Let's see, Auron still has it on his profile.
the main channel set
in his bio
Hey, we're getting ahead of ourselves, we're getting ahead of ourselves.
overtaking
we are getting ahead of ourselves, let's wait
and if you do it in private
if they do it in private
we will not find out
Let's see if they do it privately, right?
I wouldn't be either but
but of course there is no later
collaborations and things that follow it or be
the thing is
I think you are not aware or
maybe most yes no but some
I think I'm not aware of what
has given one to karches So no
It's about friendship that Auron to Karcher
has given him something that is very difficult and
you have to work hard and you have to fight
a lot and you have to sacrifice a lot and even
so most people don't get to it
that what karches has come to
That is what Karches has come to.
thanks to auron to collect the money that
Karcher is charging thanks to Auron
that is not what they are, it is not what they are
that
is that it has taken away two decades of you
work and that maybe not even with that
you get
People say thanks to auron the boyfriend
even of bird
[Laughs]
Let's see what Ricky said.
This afternoon they are sending me a
link so you can see it, apparently
He has made me green, not me, aldaln, no
He's telling me how embarrassing what I am
Ricky is saying about Javi and Dallas
let's see
what the [ __ ] did he say
I saw the girl's thread and for
start Because by the way I also saw myself
the Dallas videos that later
We will talk about Dallas too because
The topic is quite a bit of a story for what it is
used this topic but oh well
to defend
your friend is going to defend a tough guy
what you have used this theme for or that is
just with the first sentence Ricky
A real treat for what this has been used for
Riqun King theme You know that your friends
you know that your friends
They are the first ones who did not have
absolutely nothing to do with the topic and
they started tweeting
and little things
Ricky, do you know why they were?
using your friends the auron case
in revenge because someone did the
peace with Dallas
That is, it is not giving to the one who has used it
that you are going to try to say is a
clowning already or rather look you I have put
nine seconds of the video will try
to say the nonsense that Dallas has
used this topic to go viral
against wismichu It's not that if wismichu and
the other people especially whitmichu
they would have put absolutely nothing
they would have been gold and would have been gold and
We will be talking about Auron and Beijing
without them having anything to do with it
lost cheeks followers Yes they are
losing a lot are losing every day
two or three thousand followers but I
The videos seemed like two things
Dallas first thing the first video it
sold as if it were going to be the
Spain's Internet Apocalypse
Spanish speaker like he was going to change
completely on the internet as it is
You know such And she seemed like a sovereign to me
garbage seemed like a shitty video to me
long balls and was to use the
name of auron and Beijing as an excuse
to continue throwing [ __ ] wismichu
literally what I just told you
the first video
He didn't sell it to Dallas as a before and a
after the internet, I did that, okay?
He who does not dedicate himself to what I do
I might not understand it, okay? But
Here you have to sell the first thing is
that you have to be a showman is worth it
First is that to keep here
20,000 spectators 20 and something thousand
spectators who were waiting to see
What nonsense was I saying? You have to know.
doing it is worth it and you have to have
tables okay it's just that's it okay
show
And what I meant by that would be
a before and after in the history of
Internet
not that the internet changes the way it does
you are going to change the internet you can change it
From cable to fiber optics Ricky Eddy
The internet is not going to change a video of
Dallas my son creature what changes
is
The history of the Internet Yes, of course.
evidently, that is to say, seeing you seems to you
recently seen a collaboration with auronplay
with Dallas
It seems to you that it is not very powerful and that it changes
the story a collaboration
whoever knows from the years 2013 to
today all history and everything that has
The past seems like a small thing to you
go watch a video debate
from Dallas with Auron
To you it seems like a small thing, that's it.
a sovereign piece of garbage Ah well Okay, okay, me
It seems to me as if they were having a debate that
I tell you in the world of the heart
extrapolating it to the world of the heart as
if suddenly there was a crossover of
Antonio David with Fidel alviac
It would be a fantasy to see that debate not in
telecinco Well, here in the world of
internet gossip a debate of
auronplay with Dallas is the [ __ ] worth it
has used to throw [ __ ] at
wismichu riquitus you are aware of
something that has happened these days
Ricky You know that wismichu was
retweeting Felipe 360
Cheto himself was tweeting
I don't know what about Sara being a Nazi.
that you are aware of something or you are
still in Disneyland
It has not been introduced for free, that is
what he posted in the Quito tweet
you you you have seen the video of
dala
Ricky, have you seen that Wismichu is wearing a
a year and a half putting hints to
auronplay with whether and where one pees
wismichu and the other
My son, if you're going to leave me now, what?
Rickyer is smart and many times
for some topics but when they put the
topic of his friends and wismichu
has to protect seems silly seems
silly
dude, look at all the information
that you ate wismichu's thread
where it tells you
There I am going to answer for the first time
time I haven't answered I don't understand the
Good reason really. To some extent.
point equally yes I understand it but the
the way I did it seemed Ultra to me
creepy but the second video he uploaded
What is the minor's thing? It seems to me that she did
an investigation that is real
It seems worthy of csi. I mean
I thought it was brilliant research
on the subject of avatars not
the biographies coincided at that time
Twitter where the girl says Well
auronplay here he spoke to me they do not match
with does not match what he can
prove that she was the girl with whom
spoke there are several figures that have been
involved in both commenting on this and
contribute or misinform or take advantage of the
name of the persons involved or
accused of a thousand pieces of [ __ ] and a thousand stories
to play and make their own war no
the main one who has made videos to
respect and that this had more virality
aspect has been Dallas that I would love
react to your videos in Stream but
It really bothers me, in fact it has
said he wants to leave me
is that on top of that, one thing that you
you defend one position over the other but that
you're telling me that you've seen the
video
So you're telling me that it is
that you have seen both videos
the two that you are telling me that you have
watched the video
and that on top of that after seeing the two
videos you are telling me that wismichu
They've given him a free uncle
So that's what you understood from the
video and what you have seen of it
video
what have you seen
But if you are already watching the video,
What is Wismichu involved in the issue?
No
Now if you tell me that wismichu
hasn't shot him for a year and a half
hints to Auron and Sara
when the funa has come out it has not
he took advantage to trample them
and suddenly they mess with wismichu then
There I tell you if Dallas is here
putting wismichu into something that is not
has nothing to do with it
But you've seen the videos and you know
all the information and you're saying that
Dallas is using this to get in
with Poor him with michu eh Poor him
He still has traumas to this day.
I don't remember well what it said on it
record But that apart from insulting me
couple and repeatedly threatening me
occasions with catching me on the street to
doing everything to me is always watching me
content is continuously attentive to what
What do I say in case he can give me a strike?
To leave me without a job because it is a
wet dream that Vale has then no
I will be able to react to it live
But I have seen it and I have to say it
I was commenting on your first video before
It seems like a cheap excuse to say look
I now put an epibiding in the thumbnail
and I spend 40 minutes of an hour-long video
and a bit to [ __ ] on Wismichu
because I have a disgust or hatred for him or because
know
What a guy, this is the argument of the channels
7000 visits, pathetic. I mean, not because of the
visits but because they are channels
painful in themselves because of the arguments
a video of an hour and a bit that of 40
minutes of wismichu Ricky a video of
two [ __ ] hours a video of two [ __ ]
hours the first is taking everything off and
giving him everything he has to give
auron of what is true of what has
denied the apologies for the wrongs done
who were
a [ __ ] hour then it sticks I don't know if they are
15 minutes with the jolimbo dismantling it
same same same
that in 20 minutes half an hour of wismichu
20 clear
but wismichu Felipe 360 Quetzal and all
These are the ones that have helped it go viral
the topic
But I don't understand What's the point No
Do you want me to touch you in water and michu?
how is it
According to Michu, he is no longer part of You.
Planet will not or will not have gone into the background
behind so that they continue with the hair
guerrilla whatever because in turn
I also saw that wismichu on Twitter
published screenshots in which he alleged
that when Beijing apologized a while ago
couple of years I think with Dallas publicly
It was because I was afraid that he
publish the thing about the Nazi tweets and everything
This thing that I don't know if it's true either.
But what good The captures and I do not have
I have no [ __ ] idea what it seems to me
correct and brilliant of what he has done
Dallas was the second correct video
and brilliant not because he dedicates a lot to it
time to his obsession with wismichu And yes
It's an obsession and I'm not saying that.
Oh my God this little one
That is, Dallas has an obsession with Wismichu.
Ricky Adala, there is nothing in life.
that you would like more and would sign today where
have to sign
but where I have to sign
to know nothing about wismichu or
those who are next to you or those who are next to you
next door but I would sign now now
to never know anything again, I don't know
Ricky the somersaults that will be inside
in a month or two when what is going to come out
go out to throw [ __ ] at wismichu and
It is said by the one who uses this video of
Dallas and the auron funa to throw him out
[ __ ] to the people themselves with
the hand on the forehead but But
sincerely
you have to have balls you have to have
eggs that wismichu has gotten into the
Funa of Auron and Beijing by the
obsession he has with Dallas and all
his [ __ ] life revolves around Dallas, man
Ricky What a wismichu has gone to
Disneyland recently made a Miami
colleague
what are you telling me
What are you telling me, Ricky? What is it?
that you are defending
kiwismichu has gone to Disneyland with the
Anne
Well, I hope it goes well and it's reborn, but
who has been out partying and
meeting with Cristina Bernal
also
and that wismichu is obsessed with O
whether Dallas is obsessed with
Wismichu, uncle, the Quetzal has come out.
another day telling that at a dinner of
friends have nothing else to do
wismichu who starts telling you
Dallas anecdotes
and that is where the name Beijing came from
And he turned Beijing green too
Coming soon to Disneyland with Claudia
host But what
not because I think so but because I have it
proven since I have a private message
with him in those in which he is missing
time to mention his name when
I haven't even touched on the subject and it's
that I have the same relationship with myself
for years and he's not like a friend
today it is a contact with which
we have done things together when it has
touched because we have coincided for
campaigns or for little things and what is that
Now I'm leaving, then it makes me many
times when he tells me no no that yes still
It must be where you are. It's by wismichu.
Sorry Ah But if I hit my Boom
before we recorded the promos or the
silences And that comparing songs
So I see that as an obsession.
I really don't know if it is cemented
for what he says he suffered in the past
Because I already told you until it closes
everything I don't know everything that was given
received inputs from all sides I don't know
everything that has been said is true yes
It is false. To what extent am I exaggerating?
things To what extent one has
relationship the other does not matter to me because
It's not my topic but I do know that it has
a rather serious obsession with
conversations you have with him that
I literally tell him now I can't
say that I'm campaigning Oh what do you say?
I got the wismichu eh Haha I don't know
I don't know what a [ __ ] eater is
Relax, man, it's been years of peace.
he's not here anyway
I think the second video is brilliant because
discarding all the time that
You dedicate more to me. I really like how it has
investigated the origin of the captures of
the profiles that accuse each of the
What he has done seems correct to me and I believe
that is something
positive I think it's a good thing And I think
which is a video recommended to watch
especially to know
the origin of many of the tests that
It has been given that today you can
see them as false and if not as false
may be of broad doubt because
They are a little weak in fact, I am in their
video I discovered about avatars and
of the steals I think that also if not and
Someone has checked this page
from the past a mention that had that the
Auron's real avatar of that time was
one that showed him looking back
in green then that not even the
same is going to be so I don't know
to what extent the catches at once
We must give it now to be aware
from the basement some examples I think that
we have all seen we have all known
just like there are people throwing [ __ ] at him
so much so that in 2013 they were Nazis too
Rock whose content in the past
It was looking for tits in charolet and
we all know publicly and we know
who are people in this case have
done many times that they are not
proud of that content but it is
a past that cannot be erased
because it's on the internet and everything
It happens on the Internet when you do it
you better not be aware of the damage that
can cause or how bad it is
ethically both that and actions that
They came later that you don't realize but
Since you can't delete it anymore, it's okay.
It's something that has happened that I've done but
is that I am not proud of this and it is
It is healthy and consistent to stick out your chest
Say No I don't agree with this
I was an [ __ ] and I apologize for that.
who could feel affected or
offended at that time as it has
made if I'm not mistaken auron in a way
very diplomatic in the C de la video
minor saying I apologize If in any
moment I have offended you by bothering you with the
eating is what I want to talk about
Dallas no that now there is also another
sometimes heavy and much is said about it but it is
that wismichu I don't know what it is like and go on
Come on and I'll tell you, it's not that I like him better.
or worse than much is that it's as if you're going to
talk about a topic, focus on a topic
I understand that if Wilmito uploaded screenshots
that he is lying is that he is
lying because he is selling you the
Dallas videos as if Dallas without
to come to the point
being talking about a topic in which I do not
It has nothing to do with Whitmichu, okay?
suddenly as he is obsessed Suddenly
says Well This is bad but wismichu is
worse And that's not how it is, that is, wismichu is in
the subject because he wanted is in the
topic If you want to be calm
playing cards you don't put you and
What if Massiel you don't retweet Cheto?
saying that Nazis are Nazis you are not
you put the things you have put
okay that is wismichu and Company with me
to and Company have gotten involved
only that they have gotten into this topic
They've been shooting at him for a year and a half.
taunts
to
auron with personal things
Javi, turn up the volume, I'm not turning it down.
Ricky better or rather throwing to wismichu to
auron and Sara with personal topic with
private issues if I put myself here to
I do make innuendos to a YouTuber
so that you can create bifeto it
whatever but if I start throwing
hints of very things
intimate that I have learned from a
youtuber so that he catches her only
that youtuber that is what I am
doing
Well, I interpret it in one way but
Well, everyone can interpret it as
want but for me
Many many many target options
many reasons to me many goals not
I can think of, or rather, making jokes that
Only the person will understand them
the one I'm throwing my [ __ ] at
video with tens of hundreds of thousands of
visits
It's a little strange the truth of a person
that hasn't done anything to you besides a
person who hasn't done anything to you either
They accuse you of whatever you deny
but don't dedicate 50% of a
content that takes over other people
because you have a grudge against him because you love him
dedicate myself to a minute Although Well you
You work what you want but it's that
He is not saved either because I think that
It was also in 2013 2014 a clip came out
that has been around for years
centuries of centuries trying to erase
from everywhere where I commented on the
gala I think it was from the MTV Awards of
that year in the
So you're going to So you're
comparing the charrules of wismichu and
everything that they entail Ricky with a
Dallas click in the context of 2013
with the mentality of 2013
in which he says that he does see his girlfriend
that he does see his girlfriend doing what
Miley did saurus which was rosalle the
ass to a singer in the croquette I don't
I agree who was the one who made the Beach
not that the Beach was like a something of a
song that was like a slap, not that
It's not even serious and it's literal
So it's like if I take this and say
I'm going to break Ivan's teeth.
So maybe a meme we have
between us a way of speaking or what
that is not that click you want to give it to
comparison and the same seriousness as everything
what charrul entails
You are Wismichu Ricky's pet.
You are literally Wismichu's pet but
literal uncle
So you can take it and say, Hey
we all have questionable things
We all have a past in which we have
done things but not about throwing rules
there is where to get it
the patent leather thing that there is no way around
take it because it makes me laugh a lot
when the defenders catch him and take him out
Auro's charrules in Rubio's charrule
they are not the same
They don't even have the same tweets talking about it.
charrul no
No
Okay, and you want to put that [ __ ] thing on me.
[ __ ]
those four seconds
next to that man there you are
I would notice the duster a little
the one Miley Cyrus came out just had
of becoming Disney's bad girl
No, in fact, in fact, very good what I
I think you told me this in the chat.
a moment ago okay that also
wismichu before he takes it out
video
with me to already brings Dallas into the matter
without Dallas being there
involved
I mean, look at you like Ricky's thing
What is justifying the mental straw
what are you doing to try or be it
What Ricky is doing is trying
distribute spread the message that
wants to create wismichu with his followers
Okay, so it's a total mental masturbation.
wismichu already puts Dallas in the thread that
makes Beijing
and at that moment Dallas didn't even know
has pronounced
I mean, and you're telling me this
when you have seen the videos that are
manipulating Ricky
I mean you're literally talking about
Dallas's obsession with Wismichu when
wismichu is the first to get into the
Funa vs. Auron vs. Sara and then
Dallas mentions explaining in his thread
that the problem he has with Beijing
It's Dallas
And now you have the balls to do it
today a live saying that Dallas
He has brought in Wismichu for free
because he has an obsession
and the video clip came out Thanks info
blogger I send you a huge kiss I have
pending today your video of Game over that
I'll leave you the title but don't go overboard
huge kiss King Thank you so much And
I hope you're okay, I found out.
Well, I haven't really understood what it is.
What happened to you but I saw
movement a beautiful kiss
from Breaking Ball and I was like
twerking on Robin from Blue Lines in
the MTV stage and I don't know if it was
in a live video it has been
in charge of erasing it from the face of the
land this clip But well surely
searching around you can find it
They have taken it upon themselves to erase it from the face of
the earth but it is in 8000 videos
of the naucher and the other and the one on the motorcycle
But I do believe that this clip comes out in
my videos Ricky
Why does it give a tint?
that does not have
has been responsible for erasing it from the face of
What the hell is the earth going to erase?
Internet
liadalas saying but if Dallas spoke
about that but yes, in fact I think it was
I think that click appears in the video
and responds to the drone Neither more nor
less and Explain the context
something was I'm going to put it a lot between
quotation marks because I don't know the words
exact but a bit of a roll This aunt is my
girlfriend does that in one scenario to another
dude whatever and the least is like a
[ __ ] slap is like giving someone a slap
for how the [ __ ] is really a
attitude that perhaps at the moment
was more normalized because doing something
so it didn't seem like something so serious but
[ __ ], today you see this and you say damn
the years coincide, that is, Ricky Eddy the
that he who begins to defend the crash
from the comment about the trick it is worth it because
says that the crash was just
describing the normal society that emerges
partying and the kids when they go out
party is scandalized by that comment
from Dallas in 2013 Vale when that
perfect comment can be from a guy
to an aunt who is worth or less than an aunt and an uncle
either because Ricky, you certainly wouldn't be there
saying the same thing and that you wouldn't be
using the feminism that so much
criticisms
to throw [ __ ] at the dala with that click
okay, I mean I'm sure that if it were
a clip of an aunt saying that if Viera
The boyfriend put his [ __ ] in her ass
a girl was sure to slap him
that you wouldn't be saying the same thing
I mean, Ricky, you are critical of him.
feminism and with this type of issues
depending on your interests and who
that is to say literally you defended when you crashed
saying that the trick and to the river
scrambled fishermen's profit and that you
I saw like a 7 when I wasn't there
Normally I saw you as a four there
you defended the chocas
There you defended him when he crashed, saying that
Well, it is scandalous that it is
It scandalizes people because it is only
the reality of when you go out to clubs
Of course, the reality of the balls. Well, no.
I know what reality, what club you go to
You're fine, but now let Dallas say it.
That's what I'm telling you in 2013.
In 2013 I am telling you that
better yet we are talking about even before
Okay, but, but, of course.
coincides with the accusations that are being made
doing with the same temporal medium what
bad vibes and good really it's not
precisely a person of whom
there is a lot and good is precisely having
that are being done today you see
this and you say damn the years coincide
matches the Hey are you seeing what
Ricky is saying here
Hey are you listening to what is going on?
saying here Ricky so serious but
[ __ ], today you see this and you say damn
the years coincide the years coincide
coincides with the accusations that are being made
doing with the same temporary medium
the accusations that are being made coincide
doing with it
crazy
crazy you are saying that the accusations
from Dallas are the accusations that
They're doing Dallas, they're true, man.
We know you are referring to the
girlfriend abuse
what the hell Ricky man what the hell Ricky what
Ricky Egg
what balls what balls man
what a pain, man
what a bad vibe and good really it's not
precisely a person of whom
there is a lot of sanity on the platforms
outside of YouTube as you may have seen in
your super Bambi project is late no that
how long ago was a year or two relatively
I have the clip here a little while ago, I don't put it there.
because I know that then I could
report me but a clip in which he encourages
people to commit suicide or to throw their
train tracks record it and play the video
so that she can laugh and dance at his funeral
the one who passes it on to people
to the people insulting Alberto
Chicote a Spanish chef calling it
fat man saying he looks like
drug addict who is a ball that does play
to rugby is because he is the ball and
Well, losing my temper, I guess.
taking advantage of the tranquility that as
It is your platform that censors dictate
He is like a host
as it is not moving here either for
say look what these 2013 did look
What you do in 2020, you know already.
It's like I don't understand the throwing thing
balls out no of no but they made me
such as if you have been a victim of harassment
bullying or if your [ __ ] [ __ ] has gone down
life for a while I understand that you
complaints about that but after so much
time having launched into the air
having already commented on it And that And
attending to so many things that they did
other persons not involved in this
case or with no minimal implication
going to throw another dirty voice or things
that these have already been said a thousand times
people is a little bit Look also a little bit
in your field what there is Because [ __ ] No
in plan it's not all clean clean the
The truth is that there are several clips of
These exiles are an outrage
dude but he's mixing it up or he's
saying that Dallas doesn't shoot at him
[ __ ] to Wismichu because he too
has things and dirty rags
It was also discovered for a time that in
the code of the videos had no gore
as if there were
I go to level
and I go to level
[Laughs]
It was discovered that in the stardeo code
there was gore
holy [ __ ] man
I have half of this left, I don't even know if it's
I'm going to see
and now entered manually and you
we clicked on the link and it took you like a
gore page like this what the [ __ ] eh No
I understand that Turbo Plan has made the script for him.
[Laughs]
my mother
Oh my God, but this live doesn't suit me.
I didn't expect it like that at all, you know.
which is the typical video of the laser and the
Turbo plan
That is, at the level of IQ but absolutely
on the [ __ ] floor eh I don't understand but
Well, he will know his project. I suppose.
He is very involved with immortality and
They slip in these little things. Ah, that was another one.
that there were people laughing at why
He was like looking for the cure against
mortality not like that of the antidote
antidote to mortality and there were people
saying you're not going to get it this is it
impossible what the [ __ ] makes it look more like a
movie and as I said why don't you
you hang up or because you don't kill yourself or because you don't
I know, uncle, I understand that you are out of place
on your platform with the peace of mind of
that you may be an oligophrenic
uncensored not from the platform but
Man, [ __ ], look what's up
then caused to the rest who send balls
Uncle is one last thing that has also made me
The funny thing is that the channels of
gossip of course they have made the
August with everything that has happened now
I see it as totally logical and there are many
things I would like to talk about
regarding the gossip channels that
I think they are a problem and it is a
benefit from the counter channels
in fact, I often get it
has considered air channels to be given
opinion and you are literally a channel of
Ricky's gossip
you are literally a gossip channel
nowadays
I mean, but let's see
Let's see, wait for the same thing we see.
a channel of why they discovered that
There was gore in the Dallas video like this
because they were trying to pirate the video of
payment And because we are sworn in with him
give it to literally
Ricky removing some videos you upload
from time to time of challenge and things of
those talks about all the gossips of the
tiktok especially tiktok sauce okay
Look, but everything from YouTube too, eh?
look at the thing about the chocas, what about Maria and cape it
of the girl who was beaten up
how clever the Line and all the guys are
literally
of criticism of SEO, not a channel of
These are the ones who, more than criticism,
They report no
of all the [ __ ] topics
but we are not only on your channel
YouTube
in your own live shows every day try
the topics in question
They shared the Drive with the script of
the live laser shows
and it is true that when you give your opinion about a
salsacious topic or what is considered
sauce because it involves several
people and you are not inside it
I understand that I am pigeonholed
within the gossip channel but I think that
the sauce that I make is possible
consider this as it is
signed for a lot of peace of mind
I explain You will not find a video
mine that put auronplay humiliated by
minor I don't know what no
The crash responds Irene Montero
The Ministry of Equality has attacked the
you crash
Alta's daughter is possessed
crazy Twitter users
Hi Javi, I've been a follower of yours since
Jairo blog made that promotion for you there
around the year 37 BC Hahaha
Since then I have been one of those
followers who entered the live streams
but they didn't comment It was time to leave
a little in the light a kiss a kiss
Morn confesses that her husband
explodes The threat steals from him is not from
Gossip is about criticism with a crying face
strong face crying loudly I caught
to the youtuber who had died good morning
Javi, nice to see you early today, dude.
smiling with stars the streamer who
has live sex and is not banned
the activist who made a fool of herself in
Instagram has called me a pedophile
Twitter
They attacked Borrascalona on the street
borra Escalona has lost his mind
Borja Escalona is back for more
I made Borja cry step in a
debate the end of Borja Escalona he
reported to borras Escalona
which is what you are not supposed to do
Ricky in your live shows and videos
and the miniatures of one crying the other
with empathy But what is it that is
denying what he does
What is the difference
a firm friend Ada
which is what you are not supposed to do
The streamers I admire say this about
me and on the cover, attentive Greg the
Chocas and Gonzavela
because that may be my opinion later
to analyze the evidence and give them a
shape in my head that for me has
sense But man I think it is
dangerous as hell that the channels that
They inform but we go further than informing
They instill an ideal that they have about their
perception of what has happened and what
upload to YouTube do it with those
premises because it's like saying uncle uncle
Uncle uncle something happened that you think
that what has happened is this is okay
but don't put it as a statement
as a sentence in the title because
There are many children who are going to see it and
many adults with very few
lights because they will only see the
title, you're going to see what we just read
your titles creatures
Ricky, we just saw your titles.
creatures
the title is going to say how this one is not
I know I don't know how much the [ __ ] is already what
This guy is such a bastard and they're not even going to see him
video because the title comes they say okay
I already know the summary, what happens is this.
because I've seen a lot of minis on top of that
example of Javier Oliveira who is a
person with whom I do not have today
nothing against the truth that sometimes happens
He's a bit crazy about giving his opinion
maybe it gets a little extreme
the time to classify someone as something
just because I have a grudge against him because he
They have said something personal Although I understand
that as they tell you something personal,
It warms up, it's normal. Don't go to me.
defend Agustn please don't me
don't say that I know he's your colleague
and you get along very well with him regarding
the friendships you have But don't me
You're not going to say that Agustn isn't sexist.
It's not racist because baboons are
Peruvians please Ricky
don't do don't do Don't put the icing on the cake
this extract please
Tell me you're not going to put the cherry on this one
excerpt please
Let's see, I don't know what I'm going to expect.
Now I'm going to listen to you, come on, it's going badly for me.
It happens to me too but I see that the
Thumbnails often exaggerate the
people's expressions even the
their own people do not put as
crying scared that eye me my
miniature when for example When
I made the TikTok video Spain is garbage
I told him to catch the TikTokers with his face
like laughing and having a good time
good but
Oh, he's going to criticize my thumbnail.
Like David Bravo. Of course, my son.
Of course, if that's what you have.
miniature that you have to put the
striking of course
I mean, of course, that's what Ricky has. Let's see.
I don't know how he will do it. Let's see, I haven't
now fixated a lot on the thumbnails
Here you are putting hearts on your
eyes
Here you are putting your hand in the
forehead
here you are starting to cry
Let's see when he makes criticisms
what face people make to see what
face would be appropriate
Well yes here it says crying but it is
reality But I don't understand what it is
What he says is that I don't understand what the
criticism of the miniature
I mean, I don't understand what the criticism is about.
the miniatures really what is
doing
Here Juan himself cries
scared And goes and worried Ruby crying
angry energy crying energy
amuran showing their breasts
you as if you were being arrested
Ricky just like that is what it is
you are marking me from the king miniatures
Look for those on Dalas Street to see if
fulfills his rule
But what's the point?
no, there are no facial modifications
special let's see I understand that it takes face
It is striking to believe their own
lies
Here he put Dallas crying that he was
a video in which I was crying
because a belly had died, I think
that it was and he puts it here that you shut up
dala and puts the thumbnail of Dallas
crying
use a video in which she cries to
That's good, here Cuma sets fire to it
the eyes
I don't know, but about the miniatures, eh? Look.
hacker with wismichu
I don't know, but the thumbnail thing is valid.
because in the context of what I'm going to
criticize they were having a good time and I
I was criticizing that this attitude was not
positive because they had hit a
slap a girl you know then
One thing is to look for an expression, another is to
thing is to modify or alter with
Photoshop a person's expressions
so that your title makes sense to me
I explain but I think it is correct
it would be to publish it in my way
opinion on the debate of such with such or
reacting to the video how did you feel
Made to such an extent but people don't see it so much
people already but then she Maybe my
ethical limit is very very far away
yours because it makes more sense to me
That you remain in a clean way
time to put a title that assures you
the reproductions when what you have
because you know it's a lie and if it isn't
A lie is an exaggeration that, according to some,
see it the same, don't think the same as everything in
plan if you are going to inform inform in a way
Impartial And if you're going to swing, do it.
but once you react to the content you don't
make it clear to anyone who passes by
video above that something has happened
because maybe if something is what you
you think it is not proven But oh well that
I'm here to make money, I'm here to
ethics and homeschooling me
understand I am here to win the
pasta I have to find a way here
that the business runs as smoothly as possible
possible and
and?
and make it as attractive as possible. Let's see.
Let's take a look at the titles
Let's take a look at the miniatures
the titles of the thumbnails are valid
let's see what he teaches us
grading women in video games
The YouTuber who criticized makes a living by cheating
to small children
I've been banned from YouTube and it goes
between bars
Sorry I was wrong it's a
clickbai okay here does not recognize any
mistake nor is he asking for forgiveness for anything
I don't remember this video because
was and gets dark circles under his eyes and as if
I would have cried
kisses her daughter's boyfriend
Feminists against Roma Gallardo
Muran confesses that her husband
explodes The threat steals from her and puts her
crying
They are exactly the same here
collaborating with Agustn that already
says a lot
Here you put Bora Escalona, they modify it
the face to make it look like it was
crying loudly
step has lost his mind Borja
step to chase streme down the street and
You modify his face again here.
You change your face again, the waitress
answered by Escalona pays attention in class
by acalona
by step has returned for more
I made Escalona cry at the end of
delete Escalona I have reported for
Ascalona has not reported the Escalona
not at all
Ok, it's a strike, put the title on it.
put a strike on borras Escalona
literally do the same thing Ricky
the day I was arrested for giving away
things and you make a montage as if you
the police will take it down
know what you're telling me
A father threatens me on Instagram and
You put a photo there that is not the father
real
literally riqui they do the same thing
a girl who sucks microphone has
angry with me
One from onlyfans and a 10 youtuber
millions have insulted me and you put it there
fire in the eyes no
If not, I don't understand.
There is nothing wrong with that either, but just
Talking about Javi is a gossip channel
I don't know what it was. It seems to me that it was that
tried to make a joke born wismichu
for some photos from 2000 also 2014
2013 of these years
what you do with the faces in the
thumbnails is the same as what a
press illustrator or a cartoonist
satirical criticism is understood to be
modify to exaggerate expressions
or caricature about the topic at hand
account in the video
Ricky, I haven't called Nazia Wismichu.
I have not called Nazia Wismichu in fact
If you had informed a little and even though
you should have seen the tweet, okay?
I say in the same tweet I say I don't think that
clarification is needed
But since I know them because you already
I know just in case obviously not
I'm not calling anyone a Nazi
So modifying a face so that
cry and fit with the title is wrong
but take a picture of once I cry
for another topic and use it to make it fit
with the title this Perfect Good here
They are putting another miniature of him on me
that puts nymphomaniac [ __ ] in the end But yes
It is that those are the logical thing to sell what
I don't sell more, but well, I have something in
Michu, I didn't call him a Nazi, the thing was
that he was calling it to another
people for making the same kind of joke
what everyone was doing
But let's go, the worst knows what it is.
that I think Ricky Eddy knows that I
I'm not calling him a Nazi
He knows it and is manipulating it as if
I would be calling someone a Nazi for
But I understand perfectly
internet and I can miss things
the kids of today but of the
our time not
wismichu published some screenshots of
Miare's conversations about Javi
I wanted to sleep with her a few years ago or
something like that and I'm going to pass on this topic
quite above because it gives me a little
disgusting but I'm going to give my opinion
honest about this I put this in the
same field that no one is free from
nothing and anyone with a minimum
things can be taken from the repercussions
surely even me And surely
happen after posting this but not
It's okay because I also recognize
that in the past I may have been wrong
I apologize in advance without knowing if
you would have done something wrong but in case
that happens It's okay because it
I will do it again and that is what has happened
past with Javi It's not illegal obviously
It's not illegal, I don't think so if we stick to it.
as of tomorrow I was 18 or 19 and the one who
I was in my 30s. No, it's not illegal. It is.
creepy is creepy, it's creepy
uncle is a bit gives the impression that he is a
a little bit of old Green I mean what was said
How disgusting Ricky, how disgusting indeed
how disgusting how far you can go
swallow a [ __ ] man up to where you are
you can swallow a [ __ ]
to try to get creepy for a
which is not bad at all or anything
of illegal if I have made a mistake in something
That conversation can be and can be
criticize something for the sake of it
more pleasure of that day is worth the
There is nothing wrong with conversation and no
There is nothing wrong with that on a night like
Well, you tell her things like that.
raised hypotenuse anyway Ricky
What you should be criticizing
It would be what is a crime
Ok King, what is a crime is that
post in third party conversations
what has your friend done that already in a
moment hit him in the past two or
three years your friend who has changed
opened a kid's head
the one he did call a Nazi
It's okay for you to go out for a night out
I took 25 yagger and you got high
saint and tell your friend I don't know what
There's nothing wrong with it. Okay, when the time comes
legal issue with the complaint that is going to be filed
eat wismichu because I will surely get
other things and we will clarify that to see if
the context of those are true
conversations or it's not worth it Ricky
made you a little smarter and that
you were going to analyze a little better
situation is fine but a dirty old man to the
30 you need a quarter of an hour to
Ricky reaching his thirties
how old are you
Let's see, I don't know how old this one is.
Boy, it seems that he doesn't have many
less than me but from 30 to 20 which is what
that I had my area really there does not happen
nothing and it's not creepy at all but
absolutely worthless And it gives me
I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry that you do it
This filth for eating your [ __ ]
wismichu
okay because point number one what is
has committed what your colleague has committed
It is a crime as he committed it when he
He hit one with a bottle and his head opened.
head
Okay, that's the first point that what
you have to be marking it is illegal
the criminal
and point number two has nothing to do with it
bad that you one night in the context that
be it and under all circumstances
that they can give their lives, I do that
what's creepy how ugly how ugly
how far will you go to swallow it
symbol of wismichu
because I defend you when they have
been insulting you and your girlfriend
how ugly
On a personal level, you won't find anything there.
because I don't even know him but I
When I saw the conversations I thought that
At first I thought they were fakes and
that had also slipped into Wish
When I publish I tell you you will see your face
another one goes denying this never happened but it is
which he had apparently already stated
this in the past on his channel saying
Yes, there are some conversations that I
I try to get into bed I don't know Javi in
reality does give a little bit of a thing that
Someone 30 years old flirts with a 19 year old girl
but Ricky wants to do it as something
illegal thing does not give thing does not give any
How long has it been? It seems OK to me, but it's creepy.
The criticism that has fallen is not because it is
illegal and in fact I am against it
absolute of everyone who has commanded
He [ __ ] girls and pedophiles and all this.
because not within the law we
we stick to what is legal Because if she
I was 18 years old and I wouldn't have had a problem either.
Super Ricky, according to what he told me
Dallas
and other people
you wanted to invite Dallas's sister to
to participate in your dating show
that is creepy
that you wanted to collaborate with Ariam
That's really creepy that one night I
Nut pass has nothing creepy about it
You can criticize my taste but what?
You want to collaborate with Arian, that's for sure.
that is creepy something would have happened but
Yes, it is creepy. It gives a bad feeling.
balls especially considering
that from what Javi has made public by
what is known or has ever been said if
I'm not mistaken that I don't follow it either.
too much is in a family situation
stable and I guess when they happened
those conversations a few years ago
They were too. Like no no good.
the brief explanation that I saw in
Twitter above that it was a moment in
the one who was wrong with his partner or what
but man knowing the situation
from the gentleman see a chat in which it says no
tell your mother that I have
tried to sleep with you please It gives me a bad feeling
This roll is so [ __ ] creepy
First because of the age difference between me
You can say now but it's you who
girlfriend I think I'm 6 years older than my girlfriend.
So you're with an 18-year-old girl.
while he is 25
So you are a sucker.
Ricky Eddy's [ __ ] the minimum respect and
Now I do have a personal problem
I swear to you because since I
make those statements in front of the
People, now you have a problem
personal with me okay look what I have
been swallowing and you weren't falling on me
wrong and I was giving you the chance But
you are a [ __ ] of whitmichu
a [ __ ] from wismichu and you don't have
the need eh Because you melt it in
numbers today but you me
you're telling me you're critical when you
you are 25 you are with one nor 18 because I
a night that I don't even know what it is
some messages and that there is a context and
which of course I did not admit in his
day you are making that up
You're making that up
I didn't put them in their day, we are
inventing yourself when the legal issue is over
With Wismichu I will teach all the
conversations that took place after that
If I want because I don't have to give
explanations of what I do in private
but you are with an 18 year old girl
is 25
you know and we are two young people whose
ideals can coincide because we are
in a very very similar stage of maturity
I mean a similar one, I have a devil
afraid that when I'm 35 and I get a job
a 20 year old girl calls me old
green and creepy is not worse It's still like
to talk about such serious topics without being
informed is throwing assumptions is
Playing with your name is not only
throwing away his position It is that in fact he is
lying It is that in fact it also has
Today I did not admit this and there
These are the videos that came out in their day.
I admitted that, there are the videos person
With 20 a person with 25 can have
similar ideals because they are exposed
to the same terrain are exposed to the
same current events and the same inputs
of life not at that age when both
They are working and anyway But man
between 18 and 30 and it doesn't matter at all
It's a difference in age that
You say [ __ ] and it's taking away badly
years to her and is aging me
to pass you are a slob Ricky you are a
you slob you are a pig and if I stayed
Any questions, you're a bad person, dude?
bad people neither she was 18 nor I was
thirty-something
I was 30 and she, I don't know if she was 20 or
something like that or twenty something, that is to say you are a
Dirty Ricky you are a dirty guy
true and you don't need to prostitute yourself
with wismichu and you don't need it, that's what it is
worse
and you know what your friend is and you know what
What has your colleague done?
It's heavy then we have DiCaprio no that
I think his rule is not to go out with girls.
over 24 years old That's an outrage
No, but since he's DiCaprio he knows it.
Mother of God nor Leonardo DiCaprio with
almost 50 tacos looking for 20-year-old girlfriends
and few have left them at 25
criticized so much woman with her hand in her
front already but he's sucking [ __ ]
To his friends Javi is well accepted that
It's creepy, ages 7 and up, accept it.
face crying with laughter face crying with
laughing face crying with laughter 15 years you
to put something like that, let's applaud him and
nothing happens in short, disgusting
This was also like an input for
make it clear that no one is actually
saves in fact from all that I have seen
throwing [ __ ] about the Nazi issue
for him but no one is saved Ricky what
You are comparing me to the fact that I sent him some
messages
What is that I don't understand what it is
you are comparing
you are trying to compare those messages
with wismichu's history and everything
the mess he's had with the thing about
charrul and with all the things that have
done and open a guy's head
I just don't understand what you're doing.
trying to match Ricky because you have
tried to match the Dallas video
[ __ ] on people who wish him harm
dead to him first you are trying
equal with I don't know what it is that I don't understand
what are you trying to match
for
bleach a little bit Your colleague
I just don't understand what you're doing.
trying to match Ricky for real
the issue of minors for the issue of
such that by the way one of the smallest ones I have
seen trying to cancel auron I have
proof that they have already tried
Cancel In some moments successfully to
other youtubers in the past and maybe not
It has gone completely well for them but that
same profiles that now say Well to
He spoke to me like this And he told me that I don't know no
I know how much Knowing my age they have
tried to do years ago with others
youtubers and he was also followed
roll a little and when they saw that it wasn't
curdled completely deleted the tweets or
some have still been left out there
I have seen in some videos today despite what
that everyone thinks it is is not that
you are not liked by the participants and they have
asked you to stay out of it
reality of the X games if I don't play
This year it is because someone who is carrying
Twitch Spain doesn't have respect for me, it will pass
any personal [ __ ] with me
or I don't know what the hell it is But
manually put my name in a
list list that I have seen and that I am not going to
share because I can't but
Since his girlfriend is 6 years old, Arek Ha is worth less.
put my name on a list of this
person not playing this tournament this year
because Twitch runs it and I work
On Twitch I'm going to take care of this
person don't play it And that has come to
my hands and my eyes So that but
the whole pineapple is telling me why
Twitter It's not that they haven't called you
because the participants don't like you
Comanche sent me the
participation form It is true
that told me This does not assure you that
play But relax because you were
Last year there was the [ __ ] but everything
what he tweeted in reference to this
decision has been Twitch's and that has not
had to do with the organization as
wide has seen it and if he has not responded
because side I like everything related to
that topic because he knows it's true AND
Surely you have told them Look at this
people by the way what it says in the
message is problems with the platform
he took
I was married to my husband for 11 years
more than a year and the last one was for a
Twitch error that confused a
dog with a dick tell me what
I have problems with the platform but
Well, because of an error in your messages
problems with the platform I have been without
bans for more than a year and the last one was for
an error Ah that has a ban from a while ago
one year
Well then if you have had a ban no
you can be in the squid game
Ricky So yours isn't because of Mania
So shut up, I didn't know I had
bans if you had a ban, it would be clear
from Twitch who mistook a dog for
a dick tell me what problems with it
I have a platform but okay with this
I want to make it clear that when
He tells me it's not like everyone hates you
world because they don't want me to play in
absolute fact of the group that plays
those of the Spanish streaming scene The
The only people who hate me are those who don't
can debate with me the one who does not have
argument to throw in my face but
They hate someone who goes with a
speecht face and have things so
clear have audience That's the people
the one I dislike because a person who
I don't agree, I love you Javi
danco kiss my point of view is OK
But you may not agree with my point.
respectful of view but throwing [ __ ]
insulting is a little bit the big part
of the streamers at least the top ones when
They talk about me, they mention me sometime
podcast I mention some talk what
sea has good words
How disgusting this live show has been to me
Ricky Eddie how disgusting how disgusting I don't like it
I expected it. Eh, I didn't expect it, I mean, I know.
which is a ball of wismichu or rather you
you meet with Agustn Ricky you meet with
Agustn is better than Javi in a bathrobe with him.
Well, whenever I want, it's not like I'm leaving.
to put it as it comes Here I will
say four things that cannot be said
say maybe as you see Here I will
Better to say four things that I don't know
They can say but if yes I won't have any
problem call me and we'll see each other if
wants better okay But what a [ __ ] disgusting thing
It's really disgusting to me, honestly.
that according to me the guy wanted everything
invite Arian to your section
and to collaborate and you're going to start saying
that is creepy Go [ __ ] yourself requires
and Go to hell Really or very
your comment is disgusting, your comment is very disgusting
comment aside from what you have said things
that they are lies that you have not
informed a [ __ ] [ __ ] worth Ricky and
not only that you have stated things that
are lies but you do it for
suck his [ __ ]
for sucking Wismichu's [ __ ] when he wasn't
you owe him nothing So he's still in it
past all the collaborations that you
has given and it was from You Planet that I don't know if
now you will continue now in your plan or whatever
sea But how disgusting how disgusting man because you
yes you have creepy things what I
I did there is absolutely nothing wrong with it
that they want to be giving him the
dye they want because they have no other
good thing
but you are trying to justify it
something in michu
wismichu with what it all means
that I am currently 22 years old in my
There are both women and men at work
who have partners with differences of
between 19 to 20 and 30 to 35 for me is something
There is nothing completely normal and legal.
To be creepy you have to have a mentality of
crystal to think like that no But why
several things in this live are worth it
In this live what there has been is
apart from a saber cleaning
wismichu but totally trying to dye
everything but he has only made a fool of himself
because in 2017 this sneaks in but today
This is pathetic today, worth today
today what would have been valued for its
Part is a little bit of objectivity. Hey.
Well, look, Wismichu, you are the one who has
involved in the Sara issue and you are the one
what have you gotten yourself into?
[Music]
So you eat it if Dalas now you
They put the video in and you eat it, okay, but I
that you start saying that Dallas has
made a video and put it in
wismichu on the face and that he has put
for free and don't say anything first
that you don't say anything about the hints
First of all, don't say anything about the
hints that wismichu has been giving to
auron For a year and a half
that if he pees in the bed that if he doesn't
stay for I don't know how long
that's the first thing
after you don't say anything about that
wismichu was the one who was
looking for the mouth of Virginia gold
That's the second thing, no, you haven't sold it as
something obsessive on Dallas's part
when we are talking about that in these
days even a conversation has come out
from wismichu with the circle of friends
talking about Dallas in the scene that is
what he dedicates himself to doing
and then when they put my stuff in,
you've given all the [ __ ] fatigue in the world
eh I mean but all the [ __ ] fatigue of the
world man that you talk about creepy man
that you talk about creepy guy
that you started burning Kuma
because that's what burned Kuma
because Kuma criticized him not because he cried
by the Dallas strike and began to
call the microphone sucker
In short, a lot of disgusting things that
you and your audience call it chakuma and that
you start calling creepy
to defend the dala simply is yes
It's true that the girl started to say it
microphone with contempt not that it does not have
nothing wrong with sucking on the mic but it was
He did it with a negative connotation
How disgusting Ricky Well, I really do have
I have a problem with what you said.
You should know that I do have a problem
with you of course
[Music]
really Or the little hope that
I had a little bit of you at this time
that was more or less taking me
cordial He even defended you
girlfriend uncle when they were burning you
I have defended you and your girlfriend when you
They were burning and insulting her
for being with you
Now I really feel sorry for her, now I really do.
I pity her. Okay.
So I have defended you.
about your girlfriend's thing, man, and now you're leaving me
to jump to suck the support of those who
really disgusting, simply disgusting
Ricky, what you did is simply disgusting.
done today what you have done today I hope
I hope you get what you want
you swallowed it because it's disgusting, huh?
with me you finished with me today the little
cordiality that we had with me
You finished a tremendous mess today, man.
a tremendous mess
lack
I also tell you to record an optimization
PC is a bit of a pain because it
generally the PC that optimizes cannot
have the obs open because for
optimize it than do many things to it
then that is noticeable but oh well
What are you sending me, garimeter, so that
You send it to me right now, it is being prescribed to
debate you who wants to debate
on the currency situation in Trkiye
to the people no
I'm missing
Ah people, I'm not telling you to record one
PC optimization is a bit of a pain
town
how disgusting how disgusting it has been